The term " United States " , when used in the geographical sense , is the contiguous United States , the state of Alaska , the island state of Hawaii , the five insular territories of Puerto Rico , Northern Mariana Islands , U.S . Virgin Islands , Guam , and American Samoa , and minor outlying possessions .
Alaska , separated from the contiguous United States by Canada , is the largest state at .
California , the most populous state , contains more people than the 21 least populous states combined , and Wyoming is the least populous state , with a population less than the 31 most populous U.S . cities .
The State of Alaska is in the northwest corner of North America , bordered by Canada to the east and across the Bering Strait from Russia to the west .
California is the most populous state , with 38,332,521 residents ( 2013 estimate ) ; Wyoming is the least populous , with an estimated 582,658 residents .
This is a list of islands of the U.S . state of Alaska .
The largest state by area is Alaska , encompassing , while the smallest is Rhode Island , encompassing .
From 1819 to 1848 , the United States ( through treaties , purchase , diplomacy , and the Mexican – American War ) increased its area by roughly a third at Spanish and Mexican expense , acquiring its three currently most populous states - California , Texas and Florida .
The U.S . state of Oregon has had five United States congressional districts since 1982 , when the Fifth District was added .
The following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to the U.S . state of Connecticut : Connecticut – state located in the New England region of the northeastern United States .
The following timeline traces the territorial evolution of the U.S . State of California .
The region consistently includes the states of Oregon , Washington and Idaho - and usually Montana and Wyoming .
The area now forms part of the present day Canadian province of British Columbia , all of the US states of Oregon , Washington , and Idaho , and parts of Montana and Wyoming .
Hawaii is the southernmost U.S . state and the second westernmost after Alaska .
The Californias ( Spanish : Las Californias ) , occasionally known as the Three Californias or Two Californias , are a region of North America spanning the United States and Mexico and consisting of the U.S . state of California and the Mexican states of Baja California and Baja California Sur .
The following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to the U.S . state of Maryland : Maryland – U.S . state located in the Mid Atlantic region of the United States , bordering Virginia , West Virginia , and the District of Columbia to its south and west ; Pennsylvania to its north ; and Delaware to its east .
This is a list of state parks in the U.S . state of New York .
The region is bisected by the Canada – United States border and covers portions of Jefferson and St . Lawrence counties in the U.S . state of New York , in addition to parts of the United Counties of Leeds and Grenville and Frontenac County in the Canadian province of Ontario .
Following is a table of United States presidential elections in Wyoming , ordered by year .
During World War II , the first four numbered Air Forces of the USAAF were said to be assigned to the " Zone of the Interior " by the American military organizations of the time - the future states of Alaska and Hawaii , then each only territories of the Union , were respectively covered by the Eleventh Air Force and Seventh Air Force during WW II .
The U.S . state of California is divided into 58 counties .
California is a state located in the Western United States .
The following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to the U.S . state of Louisiana : Louisiana – U.S . state located in the southern region of the United States of America .
The Census Bureau's definition consists of 12 states in the north central United States : Illinois , Indiana , Iowa , Kansas , Michigan , Minnesota , Missouri , Nebraska , North Dakota , Ohio , South Dakota , and Wisconsin .
Following is a table of United States presidential elections in Alaska , ordered by year .
Geography of Louisiana Demographics of Louisiana Politics of Louisiana Government of Louisiana Courts of Louisiana Law of Louisiana History of Louisiana Culture of Louisiana Sports in Louisiana Economy of Louisiana Education in Louisiana
North Mississippi is a region of the U.S . state of Mississippi consisting of Alcorn , Itawamba , Lee , Pontotoc , Prentiss , Tippah , Tishomingo , and Union counties .
Maryland was the seventh state to ratify the United States Constitution , and three nicknames for it ( the " Old Line State " , the " Free State " , and the " Chesapeake Bay State " ) are occasionally used .
The Apalachicola National Forest is the largest U.S . National Forest in the state of Florida .
California is in the United States ; and the Baja California Peninsula includes the states of Baja California Sur and Baja California in Mexico .
The following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to the U.S . state of Alaska : Alaska – most extensive , northernmost , westernmost , highest , second newest , and least densely populated of the 50 states of the United States of America .
Hawaii became the 50th state of the United States on August 21 , 1959 .
The following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to the U.S . state of Oklahoma : Oklahoma – state located in the South Central United States .
The Canadian islands are in the province of Ontario and the U.S . islands in the state of New York .
The history of human activity in Michigan , a U.S . state in the Great Lakes , began with settlement of the western Great Lakes region by Native Americans perhaps as early as 11,000 BCE .
Western American English ( also known as Western U.S . English ) is a variety of American English that largely unites the entire western half of the United States as a single dialect region , including the states of California , Nevada , Arizona , Utah , New Mexico , Colorado , and Wyoming .
There are several exclaves between the United States and Canada , including the entire state of Alaska ( though the state can still be accessed by sea from the United States ) .
From 1819 to 1848 , the United States and its army increased the nation's area by roughly a third at Spanish and Mexican expense , gaining among others three of today's four most populous states : California , Texas and Florida .
Upstate New York is the portion of the American state of New York lying north of the New York metropolitan area .
Following is a table of United States presidential elections in Maine , ordered by year .
Washington is the second most populous state on the West Coast and in the Western United States , after California .
Called the " Constitution State " or the " Nutmeg state " , Connecticut has a long history dating from early colonial times and was influential in the development of the federal government .
The most populous state in the region is Florida ( 20,612,439 ) , followed by Georgia ( 10,310,371 ) and North Carolina ( 10,146,788 ) .
Geography of Alaska Places in Alaska List of boroughs in Alaska Demographics of Alaska Politics of Alaska Government of Alaska Courts of Alaska History of Alaska Culture of Alaska Sports in Alaska State symbols of Alaska Economy of Alaska Transportation in Alaska Education in Alaska
Adams County is the westernmost county of the U.S . state of Illinois .
The four states in which a plurality of the population reported American ancestry are Arkansas ( 15.7 % ) , Kentucky ( 20.7 % ) , Tennessee ( 17.3 % ) , and West Virginia ( 18.7 % ) .
The current term ends in January of the given year for every state except for Alaska , Hawaii , North Dakota , New York , and Kentucky , where the term ends in December of that year's election .
Population and area of selected islands of Washington state .
The geography of Georgia describes a state in the Southeastern United States in North America .
The following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to the U.S . state of Minnesota : Minnesota – U.S . state located in the Midwestern United States .
The following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to the U.S . state of Illinois : Illinois – fifth most populous of the 50 states of the United States of America .
Illinois is the most populous state with 12,882,135 residents , while Wisconsin is the least populous state with 5,726,398 residents .
Alaska and Hawaii are the most recent states admitted , both in 1959 .
The first state to ratify the current Constitution was Delaware , which it did on December 7 , 1787 , while the newest state is Hawaii , which was admitted to the Union on August 21 , 1959 .
Following is a table of United States presidential elections in Montana , ordered by year .
California and Texas are the most populous states , as the mean center of U.S . population has consistently shifted westward and southward .
Alaska - the northernmost state in the Union - is a vast land of few people , many of them native , and of great stretches of wilderness , protected in national parks and wildlife refuges .
The geography of Alabama describes a state in the Southeastern United States in North America .
The county borders three states : Sonora , Mexico , to the south , and two other states to the west , across the Colorado River : California of the United States and the Mexican state of Baja California .
The following outline traces the territorial evolution of the U.S . state of Oregon .
The following outline traces the territorial evolution of the U.S . State of Nevada .
The following timeline traces the territorial evolution of the U.S . State of Montana .
California , the most populous state in the United States and third largest in area after Alaska and Texas , has been the subject of more than 220 proposals to divide it into multiple states since its admission to the United States in 1850 , including at least 27 significant proposals in the first 150 years of statehood .
The North Country is a region of the U.S . state of New York that encompasses the state's extreme northern frontier , bordering Lake Ontario on the west , the Saint Lawrence River and the Canadian provinces of Ontario and Quebec on the north and northwest , and Lake Champlain and Vermont on the east .
California is a place name used by three North American states : in the United States by the state of California , and in Mexico by the states of Baja California and Baja California Sur .
The history of Georgia in the United States of America spans pre - Columbian time to the present - day U.S . state of Georgia .
The following timeline traces the territorial evolution of the U.S . State of Idaho .
Sand Ridge State Forest is a conservation area located in the U.S . state of Illinois .
The western portion was admitted to the US as the 31st state , California , most of the rest was organized as Utah Territory and New Mexico Territory , and a small portion became unorganized land .
The geography of the U.S . State of Colorado is diverse , encompassing both rugged mountainous terrain , vast plains , desert lands , desert canyons , and mesas .
The following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to the U.S . state of Florida : Florida – third most populous and the southeasternmost of the 50 states of the United States of America .
The legal status of Alaska is the standing of Alaska as a political entity .
Hawaii is the southernmost U.S . state and the second westernmost after Alaska . Hawaii , like Alaska , does not border any other U.S . state .
These are the National Natural Landmarks in the U.S . state of Hawaii .
There are five states in this division – Alaska , California , Hawaii , Oregon , Washington – and , as its name suggests , they all have coastlines on the Pacific Ocean ( and are the only US states that border that ocean ) .
Pine Island is the largest island in the state of Florida in the United States .
At the 2010 census , seven states had the minimum of one representative , while California , the most populous state , had 53 .
Following is a table of United States presidential elections in Connecticut , ordered by year .
Alaska occupies the westernmost extent of the Americas , bordering British Columbia and the Yukon , and is detached from the other 49 states .
In its broadest definition , it encompasses five states : California , Arizona , Hawaii , Utah , and part of Nevada .
Following is a table of United States presidential elections in Louisiana , ordered by year .
Washington is the northwestern - most state of the contiguous United States .
Washington County is a county in the U.S . state of New York .
It then expanded westwards during the Indian Wars of the 19th Century until it spanned both coasts and consisted of 45 states and 5 territories ( Oklahoma , New Mexico , Arizona , Hawaii , and Alaska ) by the dawning of the 20th century .
It is the fourth largest state in the United States after Alaska , Texas , and California ; it is the largest landlocked U.S . state .
The following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to the U.S . state of Arizona : Arizona – sixth most extensive of the 50 states of the United States of America .
It is spoken as a first language ( in descending order of the number of speakers ) in France , Canadian provinces of Quebec , Ontario and New Brunswick as well as other Francophone regions , Belgium ( Wallonia and the Brussels - Capital Region ) , western Switzerland ( cantons of Bern , Fribourg , Geneva , Jura , Neuchâtel , Vaud , Valais ) , Monaco , parts of the United States ( Louisiana , Maine , New Hampshire , and Vermont ) , partly in Luxembourg and in northern Italy ( region of Aosta Valley ) , and by various communities elsewhere .
Following is a table of United States presidential elections in Oregon , ordered by year .
New Haven is a coastal city in the U.S . state of Connecticut .
If the Carolinas were a single state of the United States , it would be the fifth - most populous state , behind California , Texas , Florida , and New York .
When Oregon became a state , what is now Idaho was in what remained of the original Oregon Territory not part of the new state , and designated as the Washington Territory .
It covers the northeastern states of Connecticut , Delaware , Maine , Maryland , Massachusetts , New Hampshire , New Jersey , New York , Pennsylvania , Rhode Island , Vermont , and the northern portion of Virginia .
The following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to the U.S . State of New York : New York – U.S . state located on the Eastern seaboard and extending to the Great Lakes .
New York enacted its constitution in 1777 and was the eleventh state to ratify the United States Constitution , on July 26 , 1788 .
North Louisiana ( ) ( also known locally as " Sportsman's Paradise " , a name sometimes attributed to the state as a whole ) is a region in the U.S . state of Louisiana .
This is a list of Native American place names in the U.S . state of New York .
The following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to the U.S . state of Washington : Washington is a state in the Pacific Northwest region of the United States , and is named after George Washington , the first President of the United States ( it is the only U.S . state named after a president ) .
The U.S . state of Oregon currently has six state forests administered by the Oregon Department of Forestry : Former state forests include :
U.S . Routes in the U.S . state of New Mexico account for of the state highway system .
The U.S . state of Louisiana currently has six congressional districts .
Ohio was the first state to be created out of the Northwest Territory , which had been established by the Northwest Ordinance on July 13 , 1787 in an act of the Continental Congress under the Articles of Confederation .
The following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to the U.S . state of California .
The Hawaii State Legislature is the state legislature of the U.S . state of Hawaii .
The Greater Billings Metropolitan Statistical Area is the largest and fastest growing metropolitan area in the U.S . state of Montana .
Hawaii became a U.S . state in 1959 .
Within the United States , Puerto Ricans are present in all states of the Union , and the states with the largest populations of Puerto Ricans relative to the national population of Puerto Ricans in the United States at large are the states of New York , Florida , New Jersey , and Pennsylvania , with large populations also in Massachusetts , Connecticut , California , Illinois , and Texas .
The following is an alphabetical list of articles related to the U.S . state of Louisiana .
Yukon – Koyukuk Census Area is a census area in the U.S . state of Alaska .
Northwestern Illinois is a geographic region of the state of Illinois within the USA .
The following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to the U.S . state of Wyoming : Wyoming – U.S . state in the mountain region of the Western United States .
This is a list of National Historic Landmarks and comparable other historic sites designated by the U.S . government in the U.S . state of New York .
Georgia is a state in the Southeastern United States .
Kate Brown of Oregon , born in Spain , is the only current governor to have been born outside the United States .
California is the most populated U.S . state , with an estimated population of 39.497 million as of 2017 .
Florida was the second of the 50 states ( after Louisiana ) to report its official results to the federal government ( in a Certificate of Ascertainment submitted to the National Archivist , the manner prescribed for presidential elections ) . ,
Montana is a state of the United States .
Following is a table of United States presidential elections in Hawaii , ordered by year .
The following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to the U.S . state of Missouri : Missouri – U.S . state named for the Missouri River , which was named after the Siouan - language tribe .
This list of current cities , towns , unincorporated communities , counties , and other recognized places in the U.S . state of New York also includes information on the number and names of counties in which the place lies , and its lower and upper zip code bounds , if applicable .
The Governor of Illinois is the chief executive of the U.S . state of Illinois .
In the United States , it can be found in all states east of and including Minnesota , Iowa , Illinois , Missouri and Tennessee .
The Territory of Montana joined the Union as the 41st state on November 8 , 1889 .
Alaska is the largest state in the United States by total area at , over twice the size of Texas , the next largest state .
Saint Helena Island National Scenic Area is a federally designated National Scenic Area within the Hiawatha National Forest in the US state of Michigan .
Alaska borders the Pacific Ocean to the south and southwest , the Bering Strait to the west , and the Arctic Ocean to the north , while Hawaii lies far to the southwest of the mainland in the Pacific Ocean .
Following is a table of United States presidential elections in Kansas , ordered by year .
Maryland ( ) is a state in the Mid - Atlantic region of the United States , bordering Virginia , West Virginia , and the District of Columbia to its south and west ; Pennsylvania to its north ; and Delaware to its east .
Wood - Tikchik State Park in Alaska is the largest state park by the amount of contiguous protected land ; it is larger than many U.S . National Parks , with some , making it larger than the state of Delaware .
Both the Aleut and the islands are divided between the US state of Alaska and the Russian administrative division of Kamchatka Krai .
Following is a table of United States presidential elections in Colorado , ordered by year .
According to the U.S . Census Bureau , as of 2010 , New York was the third largest state in population after California and Texas , with a population of 19,378,102 , an increase of over 400,000 people , or 2.1 % , since the year 2000 .
The Southwestern Center for Herpetological Research defines the Southwest as being only the states of Arizona , New Mexico , with parts of California , Nevada , Texas , and Utah ; although they include all of those six states in their map of the region , solely for ease of defining the border .
The Unorganized Borough is the portion of the U.S . state of Alaska not contained in any of its 19 organized boroughs .
Shreveport ( ) is a city in the U.S . state of Louisiana .
Minneapolis is the largest city in the state of Minnesota in the United States , and the county seat of Hennepin County .
The following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to the U.S . state of New Mexico : New Mexico – U.S . state located in the southwest region of the United States .
The Atlantic Northeast is a region of North America , which includes the U.S . states of Connecticut , Massachusetts , Rhode Island , New Hampshire , New York , Vermont , and Maine , as well as the Canadian provinces of Québec , Nova Scotia , New Brunswick , Prince Edward Island and Newfoundland and Labrador .
The following is an alphabetical list of articles related to the U.S . state of New Mexico .
The following is an alphabetical list of articles related to the U.S . state of Alaska .
The following is an alphabetical list of articles related to the U.S . state of Montana .
The following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to the U.S . state of Virginia : Virginia ( officially , the Commonwealth of Virginia ) – U.S . state located in the South Atlantic region of the United States .
Currently , there is limited support for this idea , and drawing the borders of a separate Acadian province would be difficult , as Acadians are dispersed throughout the province as well as in smaller numbers in Prince Edward Island , Nova Scotia , Quebec's Magdalen Islands and the U.S . state of Maine .
It includes the six states of Connecticut , Maine , Massachusetts , New Hampshire , Rhode Island , and Vermont , with its largest city and cultural capital Boston , founded in 1630 .
Some states , like California , have amended their constitutions to make English the only official language , but in practice , this only means that official government documents must " at least " be in English , and " does not " mean that they should be exclusively available only in English .
Itasca State Park is a state park of Minnesota , United States , and contains the headwaters of the Mississippi River .
Alaska is the largest state in the United States in terms of land area at , over twice ( roughly 2.47 times ) as large as Texas , the next largest state , and is the seventh largest country subdivision in the world .
Garfield County is a county located in the U.S . state of Washington .
Common law originated from England and has been inherited by almost every country once tied to the British Empire ( except Malta , Scotland , the U.S . state of Louisiana , and the Canadian province of Quebec ) .
The state forests in the U.S . state of Michigan are managed by the Michigan Department of Natural Resources , Forest , Mineral and Fire Management unit .
This is the second - highest number of islands of any state of the United States ; only Alaska has more .
Colorado conducted censuses in 1861 , 1866 , and 1885 .
Jefferson County is a county in the U.S . state of New York .
From 1819 to 1848 , the United States and its army increased the nation's area by roughly a third at Spanish and Mexican expense , including today's three most populous states : California , Texas , and Florida .
When Hawaii was admitted as a state in 1959 , the Hawaii Admission Act specifically excluded Palmyra Island which had been part of the Territory of Hawaii , and Palmyra remains today as the only incorporated U . S . territory , the United States Territory of Palmyra Island .
Attu Station is a census - designated place ( CDP ) located on Attu Island in the Aleutians West Census Area in the U.S . state of Alaska .
This article refers to the demographics of the U.S . state of Arkansas .
The following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to the U.S . state of Ohio : Ohio – seventh most populous of the 50 states of the United States of America .
In the United States it is found in Arizona , Louisiana , Texas , South Dakota , Nebraska , New Mexico and Mississippi .
Solutions to these difficulties came slowly , and were not completely resolved when the territory gained statehood as the U.S . state of Alabama in 1819 .
In the United States , such a process exists , as of May 2009 , in 23 states and one territory : Alaska , Arizona , Arkansas , California , Colorado , Idaho , Maine , Maryland , Massachusetts , Michigan , Missouri , Montana , Nebraska , Nevada , New Mexico , North Dakota , Ohio , Oklahoma , Oregon , South Dakota , Utah , Washington , Wyoming and the U.S . Virgin Islands .
In 1959 the non - contiguous US territories of Alaska and Hawaii became US states .
The Northwest Hills ( also known as the Litchfield Hills or Northwest Highlands ) are a geographic region of the U.S . state of Connecticut located in the northwestern corner of the state .
Kentucky ( ) , officially the Commonwealth of Kentucky , is a state located in the east south - central region of the United States .
The current Constitution of Connecticut , ratified in 1965 , calls for a four - year term for the governor , commencing on the Wednesday after the first Monday in the January following an election .
Both Alaskans and Hawaiians have unique labels for the contiguous United States because of their own locations relative to them .
This is a list of islands in the U.S . state of Alabama .
Orlando ( ) is a city in the U.S . state of Florida and the county seat of Orange County .
United States Numbered Highways in the U.S . state of Connecticut , are numbered by the American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials ( AASHTO ) and maintained by the Connecticut Department of Transportation , a total of as a system of state highways and are numbered from 1 to 202 .
Commonwealth is a designation used by four of the 50 states of the United States in their full official state names : Kentucky , Massachusetts , Pennsylvania , and Virginia .
The Constitution of Alabama , for example , contains 310,296 words – more than 40 times as many as the U.S . Constitution .
Anchorage ( officially called the Municipality of Anchorage ; Dena'ina : ) is a unified home rule municipality in the U.S . state of Alaska .
The Nebraska National Forest is a United States National Forest located within the U.S . state of Nebraska .
The following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to the U.S . state of Maine : Maine – state in the New England region of the northeastern United States , bordered by the Atlantic Ocean to the east and south , New Hampshire to the west , and the Canadian provinces of Quebec to the northwest and New Brunswick to the northeast .
This list of current cities , towns , unincorporated communities , counties , and other recognized places in the U.S . state of New York also includes information on the number and names of counties in which the place lies , and its lower and upper ZIP Code bounds , if applicable .
California is the most populous and the third most extensive of the 50 states of the United States of America .
There are also multi - territory regions : In Connecticut , there are 14 official regions , each with a regional government that serves for the absence of county government in Connecticut .
The Northwest Territory covered more than 260,000 square miles and included all of the modern states of Ohio , Indiana , Illinois , Michigan , Wisconsin , and the northeastern part of Minnesota .
San Juan County is a county located in the Salish Sea in the far northwestern corner of the U.S . state of Washington .
Before Alaska and Hawaii became states of the United States in 1959 , the corresponding expression was " the 49th state " .
Congress admitted New Mexico to the Union as the 47th State on January 6 , 1912 .
The eastern gray squirrel is an introduced species in a variety of locations in western North America : in western Canada , to the southwest corner of British Columbia and to the city of Calgary , Alberta ; in the United States , to the states of Washington and Oregon and , in California , to the city of San Francisco and the San Francisco Peninsula area in San Mateo and Santa Clara Counties , south of the city .
Ramsey County is a county located in the southeastern part of the U.S . state of Minnesota , bounded in some places by the Mississippi River , by Hennepin County , Anoka County , Washington County , and Dakota County .
Alaska Territory was admitted to the US as the 49th state , Alaska .
Following is a table of United States presidential elections in Georgia , ordered by year .
California has emerged as the most populous state and one of the top 10 economies in the world .
California Admission Day is a legal holiday in the state of California in the United States .
The history of Oregon , a U.S . state , may be considered in five eras : geologic history , inhabitation by native peoples , early exploration by Europeans ( primarily fur traders ) , settlement by pioneers , and modern development .
With the exception of Washington DC , a special type of territory called a federal district , no incorporated organized territory has existed since 1959 , when both Alaska and Hawaii were granted Admission to the Union .
Following is a table of United States presidential elections in Rhode Island , ordered by year .
The following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to the U.S . state of Kansas : Kansas – U.S . state located in the Midwestern United States .
Maryland is a state located in the Southern United States .
Oklahoma covers an area of , with of land and of water , making it the 20th - largest state in the United States .
The Connecticut General Assembly ( CGA ) is the state legislature of the U.S . state of Connecticut .
The competing interests of the two foremost claimants were addressed in the Treaty of 1818 , which sanctioned a " joint occupation " , by British and Americans , of a vast " Oregon Country " ( as the American side called it ) that comprehended the present - day U.S . states of Oregon , Washington , and Idaho , parts of Montana and Wyoming , and the portion of what is now the Canadian province of British Columbia south of the parallel 54 ° 40 ′ north .
Four states compose the division : Arkansas , Louisiana , Oklahoma , and the state that dominates the region , Texas , which contains around 80 % of the population of the entire region , and is larger in area than the three others combined .
Geography of Maryland Demographics of Maryland Politics of Maryland Government of Maryland Courts of Maryland Law of Maryland History of Maryland Culture of Maryland Sports in Maryland Economy of Maryland Education in Maryland
Cascadia State Park is a state park in the U.S . state of Oregon near Sweet Home along the South Santiam River at Cascadia .
This is a list of regions in the U.S . state of Oregon .
Kentucky , Louisiana , and Mississippi will have gubernatorial elections .
This List of Louisiana state historic sites contains the 17 state historic sites governed by the Office of State Parks , a division of Louisiana Department of Culture , Recreation and Tourism in the U.S . state of Louisiana , as of 2011 .
It is entirely in the southern portion of the U.S . state of Florida .
Georgia is located at approximately 33 ° N 83.5 ° W . The state has a total area of and the geographic center is located in Twiggs County .
This is a list of official symbols for the U.S . state of Illinois :
The Malheur National Forest is a National Forest in the U.S . state of Oregon .
The Scapegoat Wilderness consists of 239,936 acres ( 971 km ) spread across three different National Forests in the U.S . state of Montana .
Miami County is a county located in the U.S . state of Ohio .
If Guangdong were an independent nation , it would rank among the twenty largest countries of the world by population , more populous than France , Germany , or the United Kingdom , and more populous than the largest three US states ( California , Texas , and Florida ) combined .
The Great Lakes region of North America is a bi - national Canada - American region that includes portions of the eight U.S . states of Illinois , Indiana , Michigan , Minnesota , New York , Ohio , Pennsylvania and Wisconsin as well as the Canadian province of Ontario .
The state passed New York in the 1990s to become the second - largest U.S . state in population , after California .
Albuquerque ( ; ; ; ; Zuni : Alo:ke:k'ya ; ) is the most populous city in the U.S . state of New Mexico and the 32nd - most populous city in the United States , with a census - estimated population of 558,545 in 2017 .
The Aleutian Islands ( ; ; , literally " Land of the Aleuts " , possibly from Chukchi " aliat " , " island " ) are a chain of 14 large volcanic islands and 55 smaller ones belonging to both the U.S . state of Alaska and the Russian federal subject of Kamchatka Krai .
The Highlands of Connecticut , New Jersey , New York , and Pennsylvania is a multi - state region in the northeastern United States .
The following is a list of symbols of the U.S . state of Connecticut .
This article describes National Historic Landmarks in the United States state of Connecticut .
Thomas Jefferson , the current Secretary of State , directed marshals to collect data from all thirteen states ( Connecticut , Delaware , Georgia , Maryland , Massachusetts , New Hampshire , New Jersey , New York , North Carolina , Pennsylvania , Rhode Island , South Carolina , and Virginia ) , and from the Southwest Territory .
Since 2000 ( the US Census ) , California has been known as the second state in US history ( after Hawaii since its statehood in 1959 ) to have a non - white majority .
Districts in California geographically divide the U.S . state into overlapping regions for political and administrative purposes .
The Regional designations of Montana vary widely within the U.S state of Montana .
Lewis County is a county located in the U.S . state of New York .
Olympia is the capital of the U.S . state of Washington and the county seat of Thurston County .
Following is a table of United States presidential elections in Illinois , ordered by year .
Winnebago County is a county located in the U.S . state of Illinois .
The Government of the State of New York , headquartered at the New York State Capitol in Albany , encompasses the administrative structure of the U.S . state of New York , as established by the state's constitution .
The 38 million people who live in the nation’s 22 least populous states are represented by 44 senators , while the 38 million residents of California , the most populous state , are represented by two .
Starting in 1890 , when Congress passed the Oklahoma Organic Act , the land that now forms the State of Oklahoma was made up of two separate territories : Oklahoma Territory to the west and the Indian Territory to the east .
The Puget Sound region is a coastal area of the Pacific Northwest in the U.S . state of Washington , including Puget Sound , the Puget Sound lowlands , and the surrounding region roughly west of the Cascade Range and east of the Olympic Mountains .
The Admission Act , formally An Act to Provide for the Admission of the State of Hawaii into the Union ( ) is a statute enacted by the United States Congress and signed into law by President Dwight D . Eisenhower which dissolved the Territory of Hawaii and established the State of Hawaii as the 50th state to be admitted into the Union .
Missouri is a state in the Midwestern United States .
The history of the area comprising the U.S . state of Maine spans thousands of years , measured from the earliest human settlement , or less than two hundred , measured from the advent of U.S . statehood in 1820 .
The Oregon Coast is a region of the U.S . state of Oregon .
The United States created the Illinois Territory on March 1 , 1809 .
Sand Island is an island in Grays Harbor , in the U.S . state of Washington .
Peaked Island is an uninhabited island located in the Aleutian Islands chain in Alaska .
The Louisiana State Legislature ( ) is the state legislature of the U.S . state of Louisiana .
Following is a table of United States presidential elections in Michigan , ordered by year .
Colorado ( , other variants ) is a state of the Western United States encompassing most of the southern Rocky Mountains as well as the northeastern portion of the Colorado Plateau and the western edge of the Great Plains .
Washington County is a county located in the U.S . state of Georgia .
This is a comprehensive listing of all the bird species recorded in Biscayne National Park , which is in the U.S . state of Florida .
California is now the most populous state in the United States .
The North Shore Highlands are a physiographic and ecological region of the U.S . state of Minnesota in central North America .
The following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to the U.S . state of New Jersey : New Jersey – U.S . state on the East coast of the United States , and the most densely populated state in the U.S . . It was one of the original Thirteen Colonies that declared their independence in the American Revolution and formed the United States of America .
Geography of Connecticut Places in Connecticut Regions of Connecticut Demographics of Connecticut Politics of Connecticut Government of Connecticut Courts of Connecticut Law of Connecticut Local government in Connecticut History of Connecticut Culture of Connecticut Sports in Connecticut Economy of Connecticut Education in Connecticut
Following is a table of United States presidential elections in Nevada , ordered by year .
Hamilton County is a county located in the U.S . state of Florida .
The following is a list of 36 counties in the U.S . state of Oregon .
Oregon is a state located in the Western United States .
New York conducted censuses in 1698 , 1703 , 1712 , 1723 , 1731 , 1737 , 1746 , 1749 , 1756 , 1771 , 1786 , 1790 , 1825 , 1835 , 1845 , 1855 , 1865 , 1875 , 1892 , 1905 , 1915 , and 1925 .
The following is a list of islands found within New York State .
Washington Islands Wilderness is a protected area consisting of more than 600 islands , rocks , and reefs belonging to the three Washington Islands National Wildlife Refuges in Washington state .
Some of the states in the U.S . it can be found in include : Connecticut , Delaware , Georgia , Illinois , Kentucky , Massachusetts , North Carolina , South Carolina , New York , and Virginia .
They form majorities and large minorities in many political districts , especially in California , Arizona , New Mexico , and Texas , the American states bordering Mexico , and also in South Florida .
New Mexico is a state located in the Western United States .
Regionally , the most Irish American states are Massachusetts , New Hampshire , Maine , Vermont , Rhode Island , Delaware , Pennsylvania , and Connecticut , according to the U.S . Census Bureau American Community Survey in 2013 .
Louisiana's 1st congressional district is a congressional district in the U.S . state of Louisiana .
The majority of federal lands are located in Alaska and the Western states .
The following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to the U.S . state of North Carolina : North Carolina – U.S . state on the Eastern Seaboard , bordering the North Atlantic Ocean in the Southeastern United States .
Since its admission to statehood in 1959 , Alaska has participated in every U.S . presidential election .
Hawaii is a state ; Guam remains a territory .
The state of Oregon is home to 17 of these landmarks , two of which extend beyond Oregon's borders into other states , as well as one site from which NHL status was withdrawn upon its destruction .
On November 6 , 2012 , the U.S . state of Oregon held statewide general elections for four statewide offices ( secretary of state , attorney general , treasurer , and commissioner of labor ) , both houses of the Oregon Legislative Assembly , and several state ballot measures .
California was obtained by the United States in the Mexican Cession following the Mexican – American War .
As of 2017 , Minneapolis is the largest city in the state of Minnesota and 45th - largest in the United States , with an estimated population of 422,331 .
The following is a list of symbols of the U.S . state of Alaska .
There are ten National Natural Landmarks in the U.S . state of Georgia .
Wyoming's at - large Congressional District is the sole congressional district for the state of Wyoming .
Louisiana currently has 47 NAWCA projects which has covered an amount of 519,038 acres of wildlife habitat and NAWCA has 19 multi - state projects completed in Louisiana which has conserved 314,887 acres of wildlife habitat .
The 16 singly landlocked states , and the District of Columbia , with routes to their nearest ocean , gulf , or bay : The 10 doubly landlocked states , with routes to their nearest ocean , gulf , or bay : Nebraska is the only triply landlocked state .
California took over as the most populous state , New York had previously been ranked number one .
Most BLM public lands are located in these 12 western states : Alaska , Arizona , California , Colorado , Idaho , Montana , Nevada , New Mexico , Oregon , Utah , Washington and Wyoming .
Following is a table of United States presidential elections in Washington , ordered by year .
Some Louisiana urban environments have a strong multicultural and multilingual heritage , influenced by an admixture of 18th century French , Spanish , Native American ( Indian ) and African inhabitants .
The Islands is the collective name for the set of large islands south of Cape Cod in the southeast corner of the U.S . state of Massachusetts : Nantucket , Martha's Vineyard , the Elizabeth Islands , and a small number of minor islands .
" < br > " * * Replaced by regions in 2002 . " < br > " * * * Before Alaska became a U.S . state , it was designated as the " Department of Alaska " . "
Because California is the most populous state in the United States , legislation and policies that are enacted by the government of California often have significant implications on major political issues at the national level .
Elliott State Forest is a state forest in Coos and Douglas counties of the U.S . state of Oregon , between Coos Bay and Reedsport in the Oregon Coast Range .
Cayuga County is a county in the U.S . state of New York .
Connecticut enjoys a temperate climate due to its long coastline on Long Island Sound .
Following is a table of United States presidential elections in Vermont , ordered by year .
As of the 2017 census - estimate , Chicago has a population of 2,716,450 , which makes it the most populous city in both the state of Illinois and the Midwestern United States .
It can also be found in such US states as Connecticut , Delaware , Minnesota , New Jersey and Vermont , and in Canadian provinces such as Alberta , Manitoba , Ontario , Quebec , and Saskatchewan .
The following is a list of the U.S . state of Nevada's state agencies .
Following is a table of United States presidential elections in Idaho , ordered by year .
Washington County is located in the western part of the U.S . state of Maryland .
Southeastern Oregon is a geographical term for the area along the borders of the U.S . state of Oregon with Idaho , California , and Nevada .
Approximately 6.2 million people lived in an area that spanned from what is now the United States state of Oregon to what is now Guatemala .
The Geography of Oklahoma encompasses terrain and ecosystems ranging from arid plains to subtropical forests and mountains .
The U.S . state of Arizona , in common with the other U.S . states , must redraw its congressional and legislative districts every ten years to reflect changes in the state and national populations .
English is Illinois's official language .
Seven states compose the division : Iowa , Kansas , Minnesota , Missouri , Nebraska , North Dakota and South Dakota , and it makes up the western half of the United States Census Bureau's larger region of the Midwest , the eastern half of which consists of the East North Central states of Illinois , Indiana , Michigan , Ohio and Wisconsin .
New York is a state in the Northeastern United States .
Utah Territory was admitted to the US as the 45th state , Utah .
Jefferson County is a county located in the U.S . state of Montana .
California is the most populous U.S . state and as a result has the most representation in the United States House of Representatives , with 53 Representatives .
Overall , life expectancy at birth in Hawaii , Minnesota and Puerto Rico are among the longest in the nation , while life expectancy at birth in Mississippi and American Samoa are among the shortest in the nation .
In Canada the New England - Acadian forests ecoregion includes the Eastern Townships and Beauce regions of southern Quebec , half of New Brunswick and most of Nova Scotia , and in the United States northwestern Connecticut , northwestern Massachusetts , Lake Champlain and the Champlain Valley of Vermont , and the uplands and coastal plain of New Hampshire , and almost all of Maine .
The following is a list of the Governors of the state of New Mexico ( Spanish : Gobernadores de Nuevo México ) and New Mexico Territory .
Southcentral Alaska is the portion of the U.S . state of Alaska consisting of the shorelines and uplands of the central Gulf of Alaska .
This is a list of symbols of the state of New York in the United States .
The Supreme Court of Iowa is the highest court in the U.S . state of Iowa .
Arkansas is located in the southeastern United States , in the West South Central Census Bureau division .
When the war ended with the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo on February 2 , 1848 , the United States gained control of all of present - day California , Nevada and Utah , as well as the majority of Arizona , and parts of New Mexico and Colorado ( the rest of present - day Colorado , and most of New Mexico had been gained by the United States in their annexation of the Republic of Texas ) .
This is a list of the officially designated symbols of the U.S . state of California .
They cover of land in the Appalachian Mountains of Virginia , West Virginia , and Kentucky .
The United States of America controls numerous territories in Oceania , including the state of Hawaii and the territories of Guam , the Northern Mariana Islands and American Samoa .
The fourteen states that have a shoreline on the Atlantic Ocean are , from north to south , the U.S . states of Maine , New Hampshire , Massachusetts , Rhode Island , Connecticut , New York , New Jersey , Delaware , Maryland , Virginia , North Carolina , South Carolina , Georgia , and Florida .
Nome Census Area is a census area located in the U.S . state of Alaska , mostly overlapping with the Seward Peninsula .
Washington County is a county located in the U.S . state of Pennsylvania .
This is a complete List of National Historic Landmarks in Oregon .
Central Region covers the states of Iowa , Illinois , Kansas , Michigan , Minnesota , Missouri , North Dakota , Ohio , Wisconsin , and parts of Indiana , Kentucky , Montana , Nebraska , South Dakota , Virginia , and West Virginia .
Following is a table of United States presidential elections in New Mexico , ordered by year .
This is also the first census that ranked California ahead of New York in population as California became the most populous state in November 1962 .
The species is distributed throughout the US states such as California , Florida , Mississippi , North Carolina , Oregon , Texas , and Washington .
Fayette County is a county located in the U.S . state of Ohio .
The United States created the Illinois Territory on March 1 , 1809 . Illinois joined the Union as the 21st state on December 3 , 1818 .
With the conclusion of the Mexican – American War , the area of Alta California ( which contains the modern U.S . state of California and some other states to its east ) came under the control of the United States .
Washington conducted censuses in 1856 , 1857 , 1858 , 1860 , 1871 , 1874 , 1877 , 1878 , 1879 , 1880 , 1881 , 1883 , 1885 , 1887 , 1889 , 1891 , 1892 , and 1898 .
Three of the top ten largest lakes in size within the State of Minnesota are located within the forest , these are Cass Lake , Leech Lake and Lake Winnibigoshish .
San Juan Wilderness is a wilderness area located in the San Juan Archipelago in northwestern Washington , United States .
The Texas Panhandle is a region of the U.S . state of Texas consisting of the northernmost 26 counties in the state .
Holmes County is a county in the U.S . state of Mississippi ; its western border is formed by the Yazoo River and the eastern border by the Big Black River .
This timeline is a chronology of significant events in the history of the U.S . State of Colorado and historical area now occupied by the state .
Cogley Island is an alluvial island in the Allegheny River in North Buffalo Township , Armstrong County in the U.S . state of Pennsylvania .
Washington County is a county located in the U.S . state of Maine .
Chenega Island is an island of Aleuts in Prince William Sound in the U.S . state of Alaska .
Seven states have issued perpetual proclamations : Alaska , Delaware , Illinois , Nevada , North Dakota , Oklahoma , and South Dakota .
The Washington - 2 Representative District is a two - member state Representative district in the U.S . state of Vermont .
The U.S . states along the border , from west to east , are California , Arizona , New Mexico , and Texas .
The Constitution of the State of New Mexico ( ) is the document governing the political framework of the U.S . state of New Mexico .
The Flathead National Forest is a national forest in the western part of the U.S . state of Montana .
California has the largest population of Native Americans out of any state in the United States , with 723,000 identifying an " American Indian or Alaska Native " tribe as a component of their race ( 14 % of the nation - wide total ) .
The following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to the U.S . state of North Dakota : North Dakota – 39th state of the United States , having been admitted to the union on November 2 , 1889 .
The list of ecoregions in Illinois are lists of terrestrial ecoregions ( see also , ecosystem ) of the United States " State of Illinois , as defined separately by the United States Environmental Protection Agency ( USEPA ) , and by the World Wildlife Fund .
Minneapolis is the largest city by population in the U.S . state of Minnesota , and the county seat of Hennepin County .
Massachusetts ( , ) , officially the Commonwealth of Massachusetts , is the most populous state in the New England region of the northeastern United States .
Columbia County county is on the northern border of the U.S . state of Florida .
New Mexico ( , ) is a state in the Southwestern region of the United States of America .
Table of United States congressional district boundary maps in the State of Connecticut , presented chronologically .
In the U.S . state of Connecticut , U.S . Route 1 ( US 1 ) is a major east – west state highway along Long Island Sound .
Madison County is a county in the U.S . state of Montana .
The Oregon Coast Range , often called simply the Coast Range and sometimes the Pacific Coast Range , is a mountain range , in the Pacific Coast Ranges physiographic region , in the U.S . state of Oregon along the Pacific Ocean .
The Columbia Basin includes the southeastern portion of the Canadian province of British Columbia , most of the U.S . states of Idaho , Oregon , and Washington , the western part of Montana , and very small portions of Nevada , Utah , and Wyoming .
There are only eight states where Natives make up greater than 2 percent of the population : Alaska , Arizona , Montana , New Mexico , North Dakota , Oklahoma , South Dakota and Wyoming .
About one third of all the battles of the Revolutionary War took place in New York . New York enacted its constitution in 1777 and was the eleventh state to ratify the United States Constitution , on July 26 , 1788 .
" California " originally referred to the entire region composed of the Baja California peninsula now known as Mexican Baja California and Baja California Sur , and the upper mainland now known as the U.S . states of California and parts of Nevada , Utah , Arizona , and Wyoming .
There are fourteen counties in the U.S . state of Vermont .
The following is a list of the U.S . state of West Virginia's state agencies .
As an example , in the state of California , the Redwood National and State Parks are a string of protected forests , beaches and grasslands along Northern California's coast .
The following outline is provided as an overview of , and a topical guide to , the U.S . state of Wisconsin : Wisconsin – U.S . state located in the north - central United States and part of the Midwest .
Central New Mexico is the central region of the U.S . state of New Mexico .
Following is a table of United States presidential elections in Alabama , ordered by year .
Palo Alto County is a county located in the U.S . state of Iowa .
Kansas's constitution is the only state constitution to attempt to recognize " civil privileges " through " Almighty God " distinct from rights of citizens of the United States .
The New England Governors and Eastern Canadian Premiers " Annual Conference is an annual international meeting of the American governors of the six New England states of Connecticut , Maine , Massachusetts , New Hampshire , Rhode Island , and Vermont as well as the Canadian premiers of Quebec , Nova Scotia , New Brunswick , Prince Edward Island and Newfoundland and Labrador .
The following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to the U.S . state of Georgia : Georgia – ninth most populous of the 50 states of the United States of America .
Nevada is a state located in the Western United States .
The Talladega National Forest is located in the U.S . state of Alabama and covers 392,567 acres ( 613.39 sq mi , or 1,588.66 km ) at the southern edge of the Appalachian Mountains .
The states of the Four Corners ( Arizona , New Mexico , Colorado , and Utah ) plus Nevada , Southern California , and West Texas make up a large chunk of the United States and there is a distinct Hispanic accent to the cookery here , with each having cultural capitals in Albuquerque , Denver , Las Vegas , Los Angeles , Phoenix , Salt Lake City , Santa Fe , San Francisco , and Tucson .
The 1789 United States presidential election in Georgia took place between December 15 , 1788 – January 10 , 1789 as part of the 1789 United States presidential election .
There are 262 NHLs in New York state , which is more than 10 percent of all the NHLs nationwide , and the most of any state .
The following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to the U.S . state of West Virginia : West Virginia – U.S . state located in the Appalachian region of the Southern United States .
But by virtue of this law , Illinois had become the first state east of the Mississippi River to grant women the right to vote for President .
Moving east to west ( as the majority of population did ) , such states include : Connecticut , Massachusetts , Rhode Island , New Hampshire , Maine , Vermont , New York , Michigan , Wisconsin , Iowa , Minnesota , South Dakota , North Dakota , Montana , Idaho , Oregon and Washington .
Geography of New Jersey Demographics of New Jersey Politics of New Jersey Government of New Jersey Courts of New Jersey Law of New Jersey Local government in New Jersey History of New Jersey Culture of New Jersey Economy of New Jersey Education in New Jersey
Pennsylvania is not known to have carried out any state censuses .
Jefferson County is a county located in the U.S . state of Washington .
Idaho County is a county in the U.S . state of Idaho .
Putnam County is a county located in the U.S . state of Ohio .
Jefferson County is a county located in the U.S . state of Florida .
Benewah County is a county located in the U.S . state of Idaho .
Grenada County is a county located in the U.S . state of Mississippi .
Minnesota is the northernmost state outside Alaska ; its isolated Northwest Angle in Lake of the Woods is the only part of the 48 contiguous states lying north of the 49th parallel .
Jefferson County is a county located in the U.S . state of Ohio .
The western coast of the continental United States consisting of California , Oregon , and the state of Washington is also sometimes referred to as the Left Coast , indicating its left - leaning political orientation and tendency towards liberal norms , folkways and values .
The archipelagic state consists of more than 700 islands , cays , and islets in the Atlantic Ocean , and is located north of Cuba and Hispaniola ( Haiti and the Dominican Republic ) , northwest of the Turks and Caicos Islands , southeast of the United States state of Florida , and east of the Florida Keys .
Thirty states have a coastline : twenty - three with a coastline on the Arctic , Atlantic , and / or Pacific Ocean , and eight with a Great Lakes coastline ; New York has coasts on both .
Counties are in Virginia unless otherwise indicated .
The Georgia Depression is a landform in the Pacific Northwest , part of the Insular Mountain System of the North American Cordillera in British Columbia , Canada , and in Washington , United States .
Western Montana is the western region of the U.S . state of Montana .
Texas is the second - largest U.S . state , after Alaska , with an area of .
All persons born in Alaska on or after June 2 , 1924 , are native - born citizens of the United States .
The word " California " originally referred to the Baja California Peninsula of Mexico ; it was later extended to the entire region composed of the current United States states of California , Nevada , and Utah , and parts of Arizona , New Mexico , Texas and Wyoming .
The Republic of Texas joined the United States as the 28th state on December 29 , 1845 , becoming the first , and still the only , independent nation to become a state .
The government of the U.S . state of Oregon , as prescribed by the Oregon Constitution , is composed of three government branches : the executive , the legislative , and the judicial .
Minnesota ( ) is a state in the Upper Midwest and northern regions of the United States .
The reservation is located primarily in two non - contiguous sections on either side of the Keweenaw Bay in Baraga County in the Upper Peninsula of the U.S . state of Michigan .
Connecticut is the richest state in the United States of America with a per capita income $ 36,775 ( 2010 ) .
Tillamook Bay is a small inlet of the Pacific Ocean , approximately 6 mi ( 10 km ) long and 2 mi ( 3 km ) wide , on the northwest coast of the U.S . state of Oregon .
All but five states ( Arizona , Maine , New Hampshire , Oregon , and Wyoming ) have a lieutenant governor .
New Orleans ( , ; ) is a consolidated city - parish located along the Mississippi River in the southeastern region of the U.S . state of Louisiana .
Clark Island is an island in the San Juan Islands of the U.S . state of Washington .
Marshall County is a county located in the U.S . state of Iowa .
Helena is the state capital of the U.S . state of Montana and the county seat of Lewis and Clark County .
Jackson County is a county located in the U.S . state of Ohio .
The greatest distance ( on a great circle route ) entirely within the 48 contiguous states is 2,802 miles ( 4,509 km , between Florida and the State of Washington ) ; the greatest north - south line is 1,650 miles ( 2,660 km ) .
The geologic boundaries of the coast range formation extend from southwest Washington state in the north to around the Coquille River in the south where the older and taller Klamath Mountains begin .
The following are official state symbols of the U.S . state of Florida , as defined by state statutes .
There are at least 63 named mountain ranges in the United States of America state of Washington .
It is also found in European Russia and Scandinavia , as well as northern and western Canada ( Alberta , British Columbia , and all 3 Arctic provinces ) and United States ( Alaska plus the mountains of Washington , Idaho , and Montana ) .
The following outline traces the territorial evolution of the U.S . State of Wyoming .
New York is the state with the most ( 270 ) , and New York City , with 114 designations , is the city with the largest number of designations .
After Oklahoma was admitted as a state in 1907 , residents could vote for both state and national officials .
Arizona joined the Union as the 48th state on February 14 , 1912 .
Counties with the longest life expectancy are located in 21 states : Colorado ( 11 ) ; California and Iowa ( 5 ) ; Nebraska ( 4 ) ; North Dakota , Virginia , and Minnesota ( 3 ) ; Alaska , New York , and New Jersey ( 2 ) , and Texas , New Mexico , Wyoming , Florida , Michigan , South Dakota , Idaho , Maryland , Utah , Wisconsin , and Oregon ( one each ) .
There are 39 counties in the U.S . state of Washington .
Connecticut ( ) is the southernmost state in the New England region of the United States .
The following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to the U.S . state of Indiana : Indiana – a U.S . state , was admitted to the United States as the 19th state on December 11 , 1816 .
The Illinois General Assembly ( IGA ) is the bicameral legislature of the U.S . state of Illinois and comprises the Illinois House of Representatives and the Illinois Senate .
Ithaca is a city in the U.S . state of Michigan located very near the geographical center of the state's lower peninsula .
Spanish is used actively in some of the most populous states , including California , Florida , New Mexico , and Texas , and in large cities such as New York , Los Angeles , Miami , San Antonio and San Francisco .
Orcas Island ( ) is the largest of the San Juan Islands , which are located in the northwestern corner of Washington state in San Juan County , Washington , United States .
Alaska became a territory of the United States in 1867 , when it was purchased from the Russian Empire .
Alaska is a state of the United States in the northwest extremity of the North American continent .
In this sector , the Saint John River ( Bay of Fundy ) is the border between Canada ( New Brunswick ) and the United States ( Maine ) .
The history of the U.S . state of Nebraska dates back to its formation as a territory by the Kansas – Nebraska Act , passed by the United States Congress on May 30 , 1854 .
For example , when a portion of the Missouri Territory became the state of Missouri , the remaining portion of the territory , consisting of all the states of Iowa , Nebraska , South Dakota , and North Dakota , most of Kansas , Wyoming , and Montana , and parts of Colorado and Minnesota , effectively became an unorganized territory .
Waseca County is a county in the U.S . state of Minnesota .
The Pine Log State Forest is in the U.S . state of Florida .
Idaho was admitted to the Union on July 3 , 1890 , as the 43rd state .
Thomas Walter Bickett ( February 28 , 1869December 28 , 1921 ) was the 54th Governor of the U.S . state of North Carolina from 1917 to 1921 .
Montana is bordered by Idaho to the west , Wyoming to the south , North Dakota and South Dakota to the east , and the Canadian provinces of British Columbia , Alberta , and Saskatchewan to the north .
It travels along U.S . Route 85 and Interstate 25 , passing through six U.S . states ( Texas , New Mexico , Colorado , Wyoming , South Dakota , North Dakota ) and the Canadian province of Saskatchewan .
The following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to the U.S . state of Idaho : Idaho – U.S . state in the Rocky Mountain area of the United States .
Alaska is mentioned as never having been pacified , requiring continued engagement by Soviet troops , and there are pockets of armed resistance in the Rocky Mountains and in West Virginia .
New Haven is a town in Adams County in the U.S . state of Wisconsin .
The following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to the U.S . state of Nevada : Nevada – U.S . state in the southwestern region of the United States .
The following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to the U.S . state of Oregon : Geography of Oregon Places in Oregon Regions of Oregon Demographics of Oregon Politics of Oregon Government of Oregon Courts of Oregon Law of Oregon History of Oregon Culture of Oregon Sports in Oregon Economy of Oregon Education in Oregon
The following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to the U.S . state of Nebraska : Nebraska – U.S . state located in the Great Plains of the Midwestern United States .
Oregon ( ) is a state in the Pacific Northwest region on the West Coast of the United States .
Kentucky , Louisiana and Mississippi hold their gubernatorial elections in odd numbered years , every 4 years , preceding the United States presidential election year .
Illinois is in the midwestern United States .
In Alaska , there are of wilderness .
Washington County is a county located in the state of Florida .
Adams County is a county located in the U.S . state of Mississippi .
The Nature Coast is an informal , unofficial region of the U.S . state of Florida .
In 2012 , in 37 out of the 50 U.S . states non - Hispanic whites made up a greater percentage of the state's population than the U.S . overall share of 62.8 % ; however , the 13 states with greater shares of non - whites include the four most populous states ( California , Texas , New York , and Florida ) .
The following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to the U.S . state of Montana : Montana – fourth most extensive of the 50 states of the United States of America .
Appalachian Ohio is a bioregion and political unit in the southeastern part of the U.S . state of Ohio , characterized by the western foothills of the Appalachian Mountains and Appalachian Plateau .
As of 2016 , the Northwestern states have a cumulative population of 14,297,316 , with Oregon and Washington accounting for 77 % of the entire five - state region's population .
As such , the New York State Senate and Assembly recognize Governors Island as the birthplace of the state of New York , and also certify the island as the place on which the planting of the " legal - political guaranty of tolerance onto the North American continent " took place .
Channel Islands National Park is an American national park that consists of five of the eight Channel Islands off the coast of the U.S . state of California , in the Pacific Ocean .
Taos County is a county in the U.S . state of New Mexico .
There are at least 50 named mountain ranges in the U.S . state of Oregon .
Missouri is the only U.S . state to have two Federal Reserve locations within its borders , as some states are divided into more than one district .
The following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to the U.S . state of Alabama : Alabama – 22nd U.S . state to be admitted to the Union , which is located in the South .
Maine ( ) is a state in the New England region of the northeastern United States .
Forrester Island Wilderness is a wilderness area in the U.S . state of Alaska at Forrester Island ( ) .
North Florida is a region of the Southern U.S . state of Florida , comprising the northernmost part of the state .
The climate is also prevalent in sections of Central America , northern Australia , the Pacific Islands and southern North America , specifically in sections of Mexico and the state of Florida in the United States , and some islands in the Caribbean .
Connecticut is a state located in the Northeastern United States .
The species is native to northeastern Asia and northern North America : Russia ( Kamchatka , Sakhalin Island , and Kuril Islands ) , northeastern China ( Heilongjiang , Jilin ) , Korea , Japan , Alaska ( including the Aleutians ) , Canada ( Yukon , Northwest Territories , British Columbia , Quebec , Ontario , Newfoundland , Nova Scotia , New Brunswick ) , and the northern part of the contiguous United States ( Maine , New Hampshire , Vermont , New York , Michigan , Washington ) .
The geologic history of Vermont begins more than 450 million years ago during the Cambrian and Devonian periods .
Shelby County is a county located in the U.S . state of Illinois .
Because Alaska is also on the North American continent , the term " continental United States " would also include that state , so the term is sometimes qualified with the explicit inclusion or exclusion of Alaska to resolve any ambiguity .
Utah ( , ) is a state in the western United States .
The Constitution of the State of Mississippi , also known as the Mississippi Constitution , is the governing document for the U.S . state of Mississippi .
Fayette County is a county located in the U.S . state of Illinois .
Washington County is one of 36 counties in the U.S . state of Oregon .
Newaygo County is a county in the U.S . state of Michigan .
The Humboldt - Toiyabe National Forest ( HTNF ) is the principal U.S . National Forest in the U.S . state of Nevada , and has a smaller portion in Eastern California .
The following is a list of the ten congressional districts in the U.S . state of Washington .
The List of National Historic Landmarks in Montana contains the landmarks designated by the U.S . Federal Government for the U.S . state of Montana .
The population is distributed by age as follows : Sex ratios : The most densely populated state is New Jersey ( 1,121 / mi or 433 / km ) .
The following is a list of islands of Wyoming .
Since its admission to statehood in 1912 , New Mexico has participated in every U.S . presidential election .
Polk County is a county located in the U.S . state of Arkansas .
Valencia County is a county in the U.S . state of New Mexico .
The following is a list of numbered state highways in the U.S . state of New York .
Wharton State Forest is the largest state forest in the U.S . state of New Jersey .
Nevada , a state in the western region of the United States of America , hosts a large number of Native Americans who have traditionally lived in the Great Basin , a large geographic feature of Nevada .
Even after California became a US state in 1850 , the Hupa continued to live on their traditional lands and were eventually granted a reservation here in 1876 .
This is a List of National Historic Landmarks in Georgia .
The following is an alphabetical list of articles related to the U.S . state of Arizona .
Following is a table of United States presidential elections in Mississippi , ordered by year .
In California , SB 589 was passed in 2015 , which created the presumption that those under conservatorship can vote .
North Central Idaho is an area which spans the central part of the state of Idaho and borders Oregon , Montana , and Washington .
Oswego County is a county in the U.S . state of New York .
Washington County is one of the 64 counties of the U.S . state of Colorado .
Jefferson County is the most populous county in the United States state of Alabama .
The Tillamook State Forest is a publicly owned forest in the U.S . state of Oregon .
The history of Idaho is an examination of the human history and social activity within the state of Idaho , one of the United States of America located in the Pacific Northwest area near the west coast of the United States and Canada .
Turtle Mountain , or the Turtle Mountains , is an area in central North America , in the north - central portion of the U.S . state of North Dakota and southwestern portion of the Canadian province of Manitoba , approximately 100 km south of the city of Brandon on provincial highway 10 .
After the 2016 presidential election , it was noted that most of the rural California counties which would belong to the State of Jefferson were won in a landslide by Republican nominee Donald Trump , whereas Democrat Hillary Clinton enjoyed an unprecedented level of support in the rest of California , indicating a growing demographic and political divide between the proposed State of Jefferson and the rest of California .
Washington is a state located in the Western United States .
All are in the state of Virginia , except as indicated .
This is a complete List of National Historic Landmarks in California .
It is currently being used in some jurisdictions in the U.S . including State of Maine for first time .
Montana is a state located in the Western United States .
Because of its size and unique history , particularly having once been Mexican territory , and later a nation in its own right ( i.e . the Republic of Texas ) , Texas " modern - day relationship to the rest of the South is often a subject of debate and discussion .
These are tables of congressional delegations from Connecticut to the United States House of Representatives and the United States Senate .
Following is a table of United States presidential elections in Oklahoma , ordered by year .
The Olympic Peninsula is the large arm of land in western Washington that lies across Puget Sound from Seattle , and contains Olympic National Park .
The following is an alphabetical list of articles related to the U.S . state of Georgia .
Since its admission to statehood in 1820 , Maine has participated in every U.S . presidential election .
Caroline County is a rural county located in the U.S . state of Maryland on its Eastern Shore .
Colorado is a state located in the Western United States .
The following is an alphabetical list of articles related to the U.S . state of Iowa .
Palmyra Atoll ( formally , the United States Territory of Palmyra Island ) is the only incorporated U.S . territory , a status it has maintained since the Territory of Hawaii became a state in 1959 .
This is a list of official departments , divisions , commissions , boards , programs , and agencies of the government of the U.S . state of Oregon , including regional commissions and boards to which it is officially a party .
The 2000 United States presidential election in Louisiana took place on November 7 , 2000 , and was part of the 2000 United States presidential election .
The U.S . state of Oregon is one of the many states in the United States that has direct democracy in the form of initiatives and referendums .
Washington County is a county located in the U.S . state of Minnesota .
Montana is one of the nine Mountain States , located in the north of the region known as the Western United States .
This is a list of regions of California , organized by location .
It shared its maritime borders with Japan by the Sea of Okhotsk and the US state of Alaska across the Bering Strait .
The following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to the U.S . Commonwealth of Massachusetts : Massachusetts – U.S . state in the New England region of the northeastern United States of America .
It is found in the states of Arizona , New Mexico , Texas , Utah , Colorado , Kansas , Oklahoma , Nebraska , South Dakota and Wyoming , as well as in the Mexican states of Sonora , Chihuahua , Coahuila , Sinaloa , Durango , Zacatecas , San Luis Potosí and Nuevo León .
The Charleston – Mattoon , IL Micropolitan Statistical Area , as defined by the United States Census Bureau , is an area consisting of two counties in central Illinois , anchored by the cities of Charleston and Mattoon .
Texas was the largest U.S . state , until Alaska became a state in 1959 .
At the dawn of the 21st Century , the powers of tribal courts across the United States varied , depending on whether the tribe was in a Public Law 280 state ( Alaska , California , Minnesota , Nebraska , Oregon , and Wisconsin ) or not .
New Haven is a village in Lenox Township , Macomb County in the U.S . state of Michigan .
The Dukes Research Natural Area is a tract of northern hardwood forest located within the " Upper Peninsula Experimental Forest " , a unit of the Hiawatha National Forest in the Upper Peninsula of the U.S . state of Michigan .
Other tri - state areas have a more diffuse population that shares a connected economy and geography - especially with respect to geology , botany , or climate - such as the tri - state area of New York , New Jersey , and Connecticut .
The U.S . state of Louisiana is divided into 64 parishes ( French : " paroisses " ) in the same manner that 48 other states of the United States are divided into counties , and Alaska is divided into boroughs .
Idaho , a state in the western region of the United States of America , hosts a large number of Native Americans who have traditionally lived in the northern expanses of the Great Basin and the Rocky Mountains .
The US state of Minnesota can be divided into regions in a variety of ways .
It is celebrated as a day of observance annually on September 9 to commemorate the anniversary of the 1850 admission of California into the Union as the thirty - first state .
Out of 50 states , 30 have established English as the only official language , while Hawaii recognizes both English and Hawaiian as official , and Alaska has made some 20 native languages official , along with English .
The Econlockhatchee River ( Econ River for short ) is an north - flowing blackwater tributary of the St . Johns River , the longest river in the U.S . state of Florida .
Michigan ( ) is a state in the Great Lakes and Midwestern regions of the United States .
Mexico ceded the Texas - claimed areas as well as a large area of land consisting of all of present - day California , Nevada , and Utah , most of Arizona , and portions of Colorado , New Mexico , and Wyoming .
California < br > 2 .
In Northern America , it is found in Canada ( within the provinces of Alberta , British Columbia , Nova Scotia , New Brunswick , Newfoundland , Nunavut , Ontario , Prince Edward Island , Quebec , Saskatchewan and Yukon ) , in the United States ( with the states of Alaska , Colorado , Connecticut , Idaho , Maine , Maryland , Massachusetts , Michigan , Minnesota , Montana , New Hampshire , New Jersey , New York , Ohio , Oregon , Pennsylvania , Rhode Island , Vermont , Washington , West Virginia , Wisconsin and Wyoming ) .
That boundary line remains the northern boundary of the U.S . states of California , Nevada , and the western part of Utah .
The Washington - 1 Representative District is a one - member state Representative district in the U.S . state of Vermont .
The following timeline traces the territorial evolution of the U.S . State of Arizona .
Florida is a state located in the Southern United States .
In the state of Washington , it is the largest island , followed by Orcas Island .
The states that carry the species are Georgia , North Carolina , Virginia , Connecticut , Maine , Massachusetts and New Jersey .
The Constitution of the State of Arizona is the governing document and framework for the U.S . state of Arizona .
Minnesota is the second northernmost U.S . state ( after Alaska ) and northernmost contiguous state .
Natrona County is a county in the U.S . state of Wyoming .
It covers nearly in all or parts of 12 states : Washington , Oregon , Idaho , Montana , Wyoming , Colorado , North Dakota , South Dakota , Nebraska , Kansas , Iowa and Missouri .
In Hawaii and overseas American territories , for instance , the terms " the Mainland " or " U.S . Mainland " are often used to refer to the contiguous United States .
United States : Colorado , Connecticut , Idaho , Indiana , Illinois , Iowa , Maine , Massachusetts , Michigan , Minnesota , Missouri , Montana , Nebraska , New Hampshire , New Jersey , New York , North Dakota , Ohio , Oregon , Pennsylvania , Rhode Island , South Dakota , Vermont , Washington , West Virginia , Wisconsin and Wyoming .
Louisiana is the only state in the U.S . with political subdivisions termed parishes , which are local governments equivalent to counties .
Washington County is a county in the U.S . state of Alabama .
The Appalachian region of the Eastern United States is home to over 25 million people and covers parts of mostly mountainous areas of 13 states , including Mississippi , Alabama , Pennsylvania , New York , Georgia , South Carolina , North Carolina , Tennessee , Virginia , Kentucky , Ohio , Maryland , and the entire state of West Virginia .
Vermont is one of only four U.S . states that were previously sovereign states ( along with California , Hawaii , and Texas ) , given that the original 13 states were formerly colonies .
Nine counties in the U.S . state of Michigan have names invented by Henry Schoolcraft , usually adapted from parts of Native American words , but sometimes having parts from Greek , Arabic and Latin roots . " (
The northern half of North America is sparsely populated and covered mostly by Canada , except for the northeastern portion , which is occupied by Greenland , and the northwestern portion , which is occupied by Alaska , the largest state of the U.S . The central and southern portions of the continent are represented by the United States , Mexico , and numerous smaller states primarily in Central America and in the Caribbean .
Jefferson County is a county located in the U.S . state of Georgia .
Polk County is located in the U.S . state of Florida .
The City and Borough of Sitka ( ) , formerly Novo - Arkhangelsk , or New Archangel under Russian rule ( or , " " ) , is a unified city - borough located on Baranof Island and the southern half of Chichagof Island in the Alexander Archipelago of the Pacific Ocean ( part of the Alaska Panhandle ) , in the U.S . state of Alaska .
This is a complete list of National Historic Landmarks in Louisiana .
It is east of the Yucatán Peninsula ( Mexico ) , south of both the U.S . state of Florida and the Bahamas , west of Haiti and north of both Jamaica and the Cayman Islands .
The US state of Illinois is a Democratic stronghold and one of the " big three " Democratic states alongside California and New York .
Saratoga County is a county in the U.S . state of New York .
Tallahatchie County is a county in the U.S . state of Mississippi .
The Governor of California is the head of government of the U.S . state of California .
The census was not conducted in Vermont until 1791 , after that state's admission to the Union as the 14th state on March 4 of that year . (
Prior to 1959 , Hawaii was a territory of the United States of America .
Congress subsequently created the Southwest Territory ( which encompassed the modern boundaries of the state of Tennessee ) out of the ceded lands .
The Capitol State Forest is a state forest in Thurston and Grays Harbor counties of the U.S . state of Washington .
Belle Haven is a town in Accomack and Northampton counties in the U.S . state of Virginia .
For centuries , prior to California's statehood in the 1830s , it was part of the Spanish Empire , namely Alta California ( modern California ) , Santa Fe de Nuevo México ( modern New Mexico ) , and Tejas ( modern Texas ) .
Monroe County is a county in the state of Florida .
It is the center of the nation because the admission of Alaska and Hawaii to the United States moved the location of the official center of the nation .
Starting at its western terminus in Utah , US 40 crosses a total of 12 states , including Colorado , Kansas , Missouri , Illinois , Indiana , Ohio , West Virginia , Pennsylvania , Maryland , Delaware , and New Jersey .
This is a complete List of National Historic Landmarks in Minnesota .
California became a territory of the United States in 1848 and the 31st state in the Union in 1850 .
The Ocala National Forest ls the second largest nationally protected forest in the U.S . State of Florida .
The Ohio Lands were the several grants , tracts , districts and cessions which make up what is now the U.S . state of Ohio .
In the 1790 United States Census , the state had a population of 340,120 , placing it behind Virginia ( 747,610 ) , Pennsylvania ( 434,373 ) , Massachusetts ( 378,787 ) .
The following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to the U.S . state of Colorado : Colorado – 22nd most populous , the eighth most extensive , and the highest in average elevation of the 50 United States .
The Idaho Legislature is the state legislature of the U.S . state of Idaho .
This is a list of islands of Connecticut .
Asotin County is a county in the U.S . state of Washington .
This is a list of state highways in the U.S . state of Oregon , sorted by " highway " number and name .
Hamilton County is a county in the U.S . state of New York .
According to the state Constitution , California Code of Civil Procedure , and the California Government Code , the Attorney General : Although the office of Attorney General dates to the admission of California to the Union , the office in its modern form dates to Proposition 4 of 1934 , sponsored by Alameda County District Attorney Earl Warren as one of four initiatives he sponsored to substantially reform law enforcement and the judiciary .
Landhe Ke is part of municipal committee of Moga as ward no . 49,50 According to the 2011 census Moga district has a population of 992,289 , roughly equal to the nation of Fiji or the US state of Montana .
Below is a list of United States Senators from Maryland , which ratified the United States Constitution April 28 , 1788 , becoming the seventh state to do so .
West Miami is a city in Miami - Dade County , Florida , United States .
Maumee State Forest is a state forest in Fulton , Henry , and Lucas counties in the U.S . state of Ohio .
The Constitution of California is the primary organizing law for the U.S . state of California , describing the duties , powers , structures and functions of the government of California .
The following articles contain lists of initiatives in the U.S . state of Washington :
The southeastern portion of Northwest Territory was admitted to the US as the 17th state , Ohio .
The forest is headquartered in Jackson , as are all six National Forests in Mississippi .
The state of Idaho is home to 10 of these landmarks , spanning a range of history from the Lewis and Clark expedition to the beginnings of nuclear power .
The Colville Indian Reservation is a Native American reservation in the north - central part of the U.S . state of Washington , inhabited and managed by the Confederated Tribes of the Colville Reservation , which is federally recognized .
The following is a listing of placenames from the Chinook Jargon , generally from the Canadian provinces of British Columbia and Alberta , the Canadian Yukon Territory and the American states of Alaska , Washington , Oregon , Idaho , and Montana .
Since its admission to statehood in 1788 , Connecticut has participated in every U.S . presidential election .
It is also found in the United States , where it has been recorded from Colorado , New Mexico , Oklahoma and Utah .
It included what is now Mexico plus the current U.S . states of California , Nevada , Colorado , Utah , New Mexico , Arizona , Texas , Oregon , Washington , Florida and parts of Idaho , Montana , Wyoming , Kansas , Oklahoma and Louisiana ; as well as the southwestern part of British Columbia of present - day Canada ; plus the Captaincy General of Guatemala ( which included the current countries of Guatemala , the Mexican state of Chiapas , Belize , Costa Rica , El Salvador , Honduras , Nicaragua ) ; the Captaincy General of Cuba ( current Cuba , Dominican Republic , Puerto Rico , Trinidad and Tobago and Guadeloupe ) ; and the Captaincy General of the Philippines ( including the Philippines , Guam , the Caroline Islands , the Mariana Islands and the short lived Spanish Formosa in modern - day northern Taiwan ) .
From List of National Natural Landmarks , these are the National Natural Landmarks in the U.S . state of Oregon .
Lamar County is a county located in the west central portion of the U.S . state of Georgia .
Following is a table of United States presidential elections in Massachusetts , ordered by year .
The major concerns of nesting are : The US States which have nesting ( with the ratio of lower house to upper ) In addition there are four states ( California , Hawaii , New York , and Wyoming ) that encourage , but do not require , nesting of voting districts .
Clinton is a town in Vernon County in the U.S . state of Wisconsin .
[ [ File:Northern Quarter of Brussels panorama.jpg | thumb | right | 250px | [ [ Brussels ] ] , Belgium ] ] [ [ File:Budapešť 0755 . jpg | thumb | right | 250px | [ [ Budapest ] ] , Hungary ] ] [ [ File:Buenos Aires - Avenida de Mayo the Congress and La Inmobiliaria - 6976 . jpg | thumb | right | 250px | [ [ Buenos Aires ] ] , [ [ Argentina ] ] ] ] [ [ File:BuffaloSkyline.jpg | thumb | right | 250px | [ [ Buffalo , New York | Buffalo ] ] , [ [ New York ( state ) | New York ] ] , United States ] ] [ [ Category:Geography - related lists | Towns and cities with 100,000 or more inhabitants ] ] [ [ Category:Lists of cities by demography | 100,000 or more inhabitants ] ] [ [ Category:Lists of towns and cities with 100,000 or more inhabitants | B ] ]
Following is a table of United States presidential elections in California , ordered by year .
Ohio is a Midwestern state in the Great Lakes region of the United States .
Idaho is a state in the northwestern region of the United States .
New Haven Harbor is an inlet on the north side of Long Island Sound in the state of Connecticut in the United States .
Gilchrist State Forest is the sixth and newest state forest in the U.S . state of Oregon .
In the United States , some states such as California and Washington have exercised their shared sovereignty to offer citizens the opportunity to write , propose , and vote on referendums and initiatives ; other states and the federal government have not .
The Lake George State Forest is a designated protected area and state forest in the U.S . state of Florida .
The following is a series of lists by alphabet of current cities , towns , unincorporated communities , counties , and other recognized places in the U.S . state of New York .
The listings in the state of California express the diversity of California's heritage , including pre - Columbian peoples , the Spanish and Mexican periods , maritime activity , space exploration , and many other themes .
Illinois joined the Union as the 21st state on December 3 , 1818 .
demissa " ) , is a species of bird cherry ( " Prunus " subgenus " Padus " ) native to North America ; the natural historic range of " P . virginiana " includes most of Canada ( including Northwest Territories but excluding Yukon , Nunavut , and Labrador ) , most of the United States ( including Alaska but excluding some states in the Southeast ) and northern Mexico ( Sonora , Chihuahua , Baja California , Durango , Zacatecas , Coahuila and Nuevo León ) .
The Northern Oregon Coast Range is the northern section of the Oregon Coast Range , in the Pacific Coast Ranges physiographic region , located in the northwest portion of the state of Oregon , United States .
Settled by the Dutch in the 17th century , New York was one of the original thirteen colonies .
Federal land is concentrated in Alaska and the Western United States .
Participating are the six states belonging to New England : Connecticut , Maine , Massachusetts , New Hampshire , Rhode Island , and Vermont ; as well as the Eastern Canadian provinces : New Brunswick , Newfoundland and Labrador , Nova Scotia , Prince Edward Island , and Quebec .
White Americans are the majority in every census - defined region ( Northeast , Midwest , South , West ) and in every state except Hawaii , but contribute the highest proportion of the population in the Midwestern United States , at 85 % per the Population Estimates Program ( PEP ) , or 83 % per the American Community Survey ( ACS ) .
Putnam State Forest , officially known as C.C . Putnam State Forest , covers in Lamoille and Washington County in Vermont .
Starting at the Prime Meridian and heading eastwards , the parallel 45 ° north passes through : In North America , the 45th parallel forms some boundaries , and passes through the U.S . states of Oregon , Idaho , South Dakota , Minnesota , Wisconsin , Michigan , New York , Vermont , New Hampshire and Maine and through the Canadian provinces of Ontario , Quebec , New Brunswick and Nova Scotia .
Fayette County is a county located in the U.S . state of Iowa .
Roughly square , New Brunswick is bordered on the north by Quebec , on the east by the Atlantic Ocean , on the south by the Bay of Fundy , and on the west by the US state of Maine .
The Montana State Legislature is the state legislature of the U.S . state of Montana .
These are lists of places in the U.S . state of Kansas .
Seminole County ( , ) is a county in the state of Florida .
According to the 2011 census Bankura district has a population of 3,596,292 , roughly equal to the nation of Lithuania or the US state of Connecticut .
In the United States , where an estimated 25,000 to 50,000 South Sudanese reside , polling booths were opened in eight states : Virginia , Massachusetts , Illinois , Texas , Tennessee , Nebraska , Arizona and Washington .
According to the 2010 U.S . Census , Georgia had a population of 9,687,653 .
Over the years , several attempts have been made to name a state after one of the Founding fathers or other great statesmen of U.S . history : the State of Franklin , the State of Jefferson ( three separate attempts ) , the State of Lincoln ( two separate attempts ) , and the State of Washington ; in the end , only Washington materialized ( Washington Territory was carved out of the Columbia District , and was renamed Washington in order to avoid confusion with the District of Columbia , which contains the city of Washington ) .
Washington Parish ( French : " Paroisse de Washington " ) is a parish located in the U.S . state of Louisiana .
Putnam County is a county located in the state of Florida .
The state of Washington is home to 24 of these landmarks , extensively highlighting the state's maritime heritage ( with eight individual boats ) and contributions to the national park movement ( including three sites within Mount Rainier National Park , which is also listed ) , while recognizing a range of other aspects of its historic legacy .
This is a chronological listing of the United States Senators from Connecticut .
Hancock County is a county located in the U.S . state of Maine .
Since its admission to statehood in 1890 , Wyoming has participated in every U.S . presidential election .
Jefferson is commemorated by the State of Jefferson Scenic Byway between Yreka and O'Brien , Oregon , which runs along State Route 96 and U.S . Forest Service Primary Route 48 .
Modena is a town in Buffalo County in the U.S . state of Wisconsin .
Mary Peters , the Transportation Secretary at that time , personally directed US efforts to urge governors and dozens of members of the House of Representatives to block California's first - in - the - nation limits on greenhouse gases from cars and trucks , according to e - mails obtained by Congress .
On August 3 , 2009 , Sen . Begich introduced the Inuvikput Package of Senate Bills 1560 – 1566 : Because Alaska makes the United States an Arctic nation , the state is directly involved in much Arctic research , security , and policy .
The following is an alphabetical list of articles related to the U.S . state of Idaho .
Minnesota was carved out of the eastern half of the Minnesota Territory and admitted to the Union as the thirty - second state on May 11 , 1858 .
The Constitution of Mississippi , ratified in 1890 , calls for a four - year term for the Governor .
Hawaii remains the most recent state to join the United States .
Utah is a state in The United States of America .
The term was in use prior to the admission of Alaska and Hawaii as states of the United States and at that time usually excluded outlying territories of the United States .
Since the 2000 U.S . Census , California has been known as the second state in US history ( after Hawaii since its statehood in 1959 ) to have a non - white majority , and since 2014 , the first state to have a Latino plurality surpass other racial / ethnic groups .
Other countries with boreal forest , also called taiga , include Russia , which contains the majority , the United States in its northern most state of Alaska , and the Scandinavian or Northern European countries ( e.g . Sweden , Finland , Norway and small regions of Scotland ) .
In the U.S . state of New York , US 1 extends from the George Washington Bridge in Manhattan to the Connecticut state line at Port Chester .
Green Island is a coterminous town - village in Albany County , New York , United States some 8 miles ( 13 km . )
The Secretary of the State's Office is composed of two divisions : Connecticut ratified the United States Constitution and gained statehood in 1788 .
It is native to the Rocky Mountains in the Canadian province of Alberta and the US state of Montana . "
The following outline provides an overview of and topical guide to the U.S . state of Michigan : Michigan is located in the Great Lakes Region of the United States of America , comprising two peninsulas .
This list of ecoregions in Oregon provides an overview of ecoregions in the U.S . state of Oregon designated by the U.S . Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) and the Commission for Environmental Cooperation ( CEC ) .
Parallel 54 ° 40 ′ north is a line of latitude between the 54th and 55th parallels north that forms the southernmost boundary between the U.S . State of Alaska and the Canadian Province of British Columbia .
Most recently on February 28 , 2013 , the Office of Management and Budget defined 1083 statistical areas for the United States , including 4 combined statistical areas , 8 metropolitan statistical areas , and 16 micropolitan statistical areas in the State of Minnesota .
Since its admission to statehood in 1889 , Washington has participated in every U.S . presidential election .
It is native North America , where it is native to the state of Coahuila in Mexico and to the state of Texas in the United States .
Castle Island is an island in the San Juan Islands of Washington state in the United States .
Patos Island is a small island in the San Juan Islands of the U.S . state of Washington .
And in the United States , they are typically concentrated in the southern parts such as Arkansas , Texas , New Mexico , Florida , Mississippi among other states .
Florida is a village in Henry County , Ohio , United States , along the Maumee River .
The Constitution of the State of Minnesota was initially approved by the residents of Minnesota Territory in a special election held on October 13 , 1857 , and was ratified by the United States Senate on May 11 , 1858 , marking the admittance of Minnesota to the Union .
The San Juan Islands National Wildlife Refuge is in the San Juan Islands of the Salish Sea , north of Puget Sound , in the State of Washington .
Central Oregon is a geographic region in the U.S . state of Oregon and is traditionally considered to be made up of Deschutes , Jefferson , and Crook counties .
Illinois has the most special districts of any U.S . state .
Washington County ( standard abbreviation : WS ) is a county located in the U.S . state of Kansas .
For instance , Alaska could be regarded as the highest state because Denali , at , is the highest point in the United States .
On February 14 , 1859 , Oregon became a state and the Oregon Constitution became the legal framework for the state .
The New York State Office of Parks , Recreation and Historic Preservation ( NYS OPRHP ) is a state agency within the New York State Executive Department charged with the operation of state parks and historic sites within the U.S . state of New York .
St . Paul Island and Amsterdam Island are antipodal to thinly populated parts of the eastern part of the US state of Colorado .
Grant County is a county located in the U.S . state of Washington .
Bethel Census Area is a census area in the U.S . state of Alaska .
With the acquisition of California , Polk had accomplished all four of his major presidential goals .
This is a list of state parks and reserves in the Connecticut state park system , shown in four tables .
Four of the states associated with the Midwestern United States ( Kansas , Nebraska , North Dakota , and South Dakota ) are also traditionally referred to as belonging in part to the Great Plains region .
Desolate Kerguelen Island is antipodal to an area of thinly inhabited plains on the border between the Canadian provinces of Alberta and Saskatchewan and the US state of Montana .
Massachusetts , Rhode Island , New York , and New Jersey are the only states in the nation where Catholics outnumber Protestants and other Christian denominations .
Hennepin County ( ) is a county in the U.S . state of Minnesota .
The U.S . state of Alaska has three state forests , which are managed by the Division of Forestry of the Department of Natural Resources .
Established in 1931 as a wintering ground for migratory birds , it encompasses 68,000 acres ( 280 km ) spread between Wakulla , Jefferson , and Taylor Counties in the state of Florida .
In 1999 , the economic impact of tourism in Charlton , Ware , and Clinch Counties in Georgia exceeded $ 67 million .
The George Washington State Forest is a state forest located in Itasca , Koochiching , and Saint Louis counties , Minnesota .
The following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to the U.S . state of New Hampshire : New Hampshire – U.S . state in the New England region of the United States of America , named after the southern English county of Hampshire .
Goose Island State Park is a state park in the U.S . state of Texas , located north of the city of Rockport on the coast of the Gulf of Mexico .
Aleut ( ; " Unangam Tunuu " ) is the language spoken by the Aleut people ( " Unangax̂ " ) living in the Aleutian Islands , Pribilof Islands , Commander Islands , and the Alaskan Peninsula ( in Aleut " Alaxsxa " , the origin of the state name Alaska ) .
Highlands County is a county located in the U.S . state of Florida .
Southeast Fairbanks Census Area is a census area located in the U.S . state of Alaska .
No incorporated organized territories have existed since 1959 when Alaska and Hawaii joined the Union .
A few such states as Nebraska in the U.S . , Queensland in Australia , Bavaria in Germany , and Tucumán and Córdoba in Argentina have later adopted unicameral systems .
Northwestern Oklahoma took its current form when Oklahoma Territory and Indian Territory joined the Union in 1907 as the single U.S . state of Oklahoma .
The Lamoille - Washington - 1 Representative District is a two - member state Representative district in the U.S . state of Vermont .
Following is a table of United States presidential elections in New York , ordered by year .
Under the provisions of the New York Constitution , every twenty years the state is required to place before the voters a proposal to hold a constitutional convention to be held the following year , with any suggested amendments being voted on in the year after that .
In the state of California , there are an estimated 25,000 - 35,000 American black bears , making it the largest population of the species in the contiguous United States .
Baton Rouge ( ; ) is the capital of the U.S . state of Louisiana and its second - largest city .
Before the admission of California as U.S . state , Gwin was elected as a Democrat to the United States Senate .
In 1845 , the Republic of Texas agreed to annexation by the US to become an American State .
This is a list of state parks in Georgia .
Geography of Ohio Demographics of Ohio Politics of Ohio Government of Ohio Courts of Ohio Law of Ohio History of Ohio Sports in Ohio Economy of Ohio Education in Ohio
On February 24 , 1863 , the United States created the Territory of Arizona .
There are 44 counties in the U.S . state of Idaho .
Humans have inhabited the area that is now Oregon for at least 15,000 years .
Illinois is divided into 18 congressional districts , each represented by a member of the United States House of Representatives .
Barnes Island is a small island in the San Juan Islands of the U.S . state of Washington .
As a major region of New York State , Long Island has a significant impact on state and national politics .
Minneapolis is the largest city in the U.S . state of Minnesota and the county seat of Hennepin County .
Washington , commonly known as The Original Washington ( to distinguish it from Washington , D.C . ) , is a city in Beaufort County , North Carolina , United States , located on the northern bank of the Pamlico River .
The district came into existence when the U.S . state of Oregon was admitted to the Union on February 14 , 1859 .
Ness County ( standard abbreviation : NS ) is a county located in the U.S . state of Kansas .
The Governor of New York is the chief executive of the U.S . state of New York .
The powers of the legislature are granted under Article III of the Constitution of Hawaii .
According to the 2011 census Patna district has a population of 5,838,465 , roughly equal to the nation of Nicaragua or the US state of Maryland .
Tennessee is one of the 50 states of the United States .
Genesee County is a county in the U.S . state of New York .
The state of Georgia is home to 49 of these landmarks , spanning a range of history .
Marshall County is a county located in the U.S . state of Illinois .
With an estimated 298,192 residents in 2016 , it is Alaska's most populous city and contains more than 40 percent of the state's total population ; among the 50 states , only New York has a higher percentage of residents who live in its most populous city .
There have been no such territories since Alaska and Hawaii were admitted as states in 1959 .
Quebec is bordered by the province of Ontario , James Bay and Hudson Bay ( including the circular Nastapoka arc ) to the west , the provinces of New Brunswick and Newfoundland and Labrador to the east , the United States ( Maine , New Hampshire , Vermont and New York ) to the south , and Hudson Strait and Ungava Bay to the north .
Nearly all of Yellowstone National Park lies within the far northwestern borders of Wyoming .
The basin covers parts of Ontario and Quebec in Canada , parts of Illinois , Indiana , Minnesota , New York , Ohio , Pennsylvania , Vermont , and Wisconsin , and nearly the entirety of the state of Michigan in the United States .
In New York State , each county is divided into cities and towns .
Kisatchie National Forest , the only National forest in Louisiana , United States , is located in the forested piney hills and hardwood bottoms of seven central and northern parishes .
Louisiana is a state located in the Southern United States .
There are 114 counties and one independent city in the U.S . state of Missouri .
The Sheldon National Wildlife Refuge is a national wildlife refuge on the northern border of the U.S . state of Nevada .
The 2016 Connecticut Democratic primary were held on April 26 in the U.S . state of Connecticut as one of the Democratic Party's primaries ahead of the 2016 presidential election .
Putnam County is a county located in the U.S . state of New York .
Beauregard Parish ( ) is a parish located in the U.S . state of Louisiana .
The following is an alphabetical list of articles related to the U.S . state of Washington .
Louisiana ( , ) is a state in the Deep South region of the southeastern United States .
Republicans will defend their " trifecta " ( unified control of the governorship and the state legislature ) in Kentucky and Mississippi , while Democrats will defend their trifecta in New Jersey .
In addition , once California became a state , federal rules required that Indian communities interact exclusively with the federal government .
The eastern portion of Minnesota Territory was admitted to the US as the 32nd state , Minnesota .
Geography of Wyoming Environment of Wyoming Demographics of Wyoming Politics of Wyoming Government of Wyoming Courts of Wyoming Law of Wyoming Wyoming Military Department History of Wyoming Culture of Wyoming Sports in Wyoming Economy of Wyoming Education in Wyoming
Arizona Territory was admitted to the US as the 48th state , Arizona .
California is a state in the Pacific Region of the United States .
When statehood for Illinois was approved on April 18 , 1818 , the U.S . Congress approved the formation of a state constitution .
The Commander Islands are the westernmost extension of the Aleutian Islands , most of which are part of the US state of Alaska , though they are separated from the closest US island , Attu Island , and the rest of the chain by .
Quay County ( pronounced " kway " ) is a county in the state of New Mexico .
Hewett is a town in Clark County in the U.S . state of Wisconsin .
It is also present in the United States , where it has been recorded from Florida , as well as Mississippi .
Revillagigedo Island , in the Alexander Archipelago of southeast Alaska was named for him , as were the San Juan Islands in what is now the United States state of Washington and the Revillagigedo Islands , southwest of the Baja California peninsula in Mexico .
DeWitt County is a county located in the U.S . state of Illinois .
Pensacola ( ) is the westernmost city in the Florida Panhandle , approximately from the border with Alabama , and the county seat of Escambia County , in the U.S . state of Florida .
Sugar Island is an island in the U.S . state of Michigan in the St . Marys River between the United States and the Canadian province of Ontario .
Polk County is a county in the U.S . state of Iowa .
Santa Cruz Island ( Spanish : " Isla Santa Cruz " , Chumash : " Limuw " is the largest of the eight islands in the Channel Islands and also the largest island in California , located off the coast of California .
The lists do not include Vermont , a portion of whose border with New York state is Lake Champlain , the sixth - largest lake in the United States .
The Saint John River ( ; Maliseet : " Wolastoq " ) is a river , approximately long , located principally in the Canadian province of New Brunswick , but also in and arising from three primary sources in the province of Quebec and the U.S . state of Maine .
St . Paul Island Airport is a state - owned , public - use airport located on St . Paul Island in the Aleutians West Census Area of the U.S . state of Alaska .
Thomas Benton Catron ( October 6 , 1840May 15 , 1921 ) was an American politician and lawyer who was influential in the establishment of the U.S . state of New Mexico , and served as one of its first United States Senators .
Also , the region as a whole has witnessed some of the highest population growth in the United States , and according to the US Census Bureau , in 2008 – 2009 , Utah was the fastest growing state in America .
Chugiak is an unincorporated community in the Municipality of Anchorage in the U.S . state of Alaska , situated approximately northeast of downtown Anchorage .
Michigan is separated into two administrative regions , with the Lower Peninsula belonging to Ameritech , and the Upper Peninsula belonging to the North Central region .
The following outline traces the territorial evolution of the U.S . State of Washington .
District administration comprises 3 tehsils , namely : District is divided into 12 blocks , namely : According to the 2011 census Meerut district has a population of 3,443,689 , roughly equal to the nation of Panama or the US state of Connecticut .
Carroll County is a county located in the U.S . state of Mississippi .
The western coast of the continental United States consisting of California , Oregon , and the state of Washington is also sometimes referred to as the Left Coast , indicating its left - leaning political orientation and tendency towards social liberalism .
First State Heritage Park is Delaware's first urban " park without boundaries " linking historic and cultural sites in the city that has been the seat of state government since 1777 .
Rock Island County is a county located in the U.S . state of Illinois , bounded on the west by the Mississippi River .
Leon County is a county located in the Panhandle of the U.S . state of Florida .
The following are protected federal lands in the U.S . state of Washington : There are three National Park within the state of Washington : The three National Monuments in the state of Washington are : The three National Recreation Areas within the state of Washington are : The two National Historic Sites within the state of Washington are : The single National Scenic Area in the state of Washington is : The nine National Forests within the state of Washington are : There are 23 National Wildlife Refuges are located in the state of Washington including : The National Park Service manages other federal lands in the state of Washington .
Central Idaho is a geographical term for the region located northeast of Boise and southeast of Lewiston in the U.S . state of Idaho .
Natchez State Park is a state park in the U.S . state of Mississippi .
Yellow Island , one of the San Juan Islands , is an island , located south - west of Orcas Island , and north of Shaw Island , near Jones Island State Park , in San Juan County , Washington , United States .
Prior to 1820 , much of the territory currently comprising the state of Maine was part of the state of Massachusetts , and citizens residing in that area have thus been able to participate in every U.S . election .
The U.S . state of Hawaii is divided into two congressional districts for representation in the United States House of Representatives .
Idaho prior to European settlement was inhabited by Native American peoples , some of whom still live in the area .
These states include Arizona , California , Colorado , Florida , Kansas , Maryland , Mississippi , Oklahoma , Oregon , South Carolina , Texas , Utah , Washington , and Wyoming .
Jackson County is a county located in the U.S . state of Iowa .
Pointe Coupee Parish , ( or ; ) , is a parish located in the U.S . state of Louisiana .
The following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to the U.S . state of Arkansas : Arkansas – state located in the southern region of the United States .
In Alaska , most of the land area of the state has no county - level government .
The U.S . state of Louisiana has a total of nine Metropolitan Statistical Areas ( MSAs ) .
The United States Numbered Highways in Oregon are the segments of the national United States Numbered Highways System that are owned and maintained by the U.S . state of Oregon .
Following is a table of United States presidential elections in Ohio , ordered by year .
With an estimated 730,000 residents , Seattle is the largest city in both the state of Washington and the Pacific Northwest region of North America .
Montana is a town in Buffalo County in the U.S . state of Wisconsin .
They earned from $ 0 annually ( New Mexico ) to $ 90,526 ( California ) .
Grant County is a county located in the U.S . state of Minnesota .
Talkeetna Airport is a state - owned public - use airport located one nautical mile ( 2 km ) east of the central business district of Talkeetna , in the Matanuska - Susitna Borough of the U.S . state of Alaska .
The Kootenai National Forest is a national forest located in the far northwestern section of Montana and the northeasternmost lands in the Idaho panhandle in the United States , along the Canada – US border .
Randolph County is a county located in the U.S . state of Illinois .
The timeline of Kansas details past events that happened in what is present day Kansas .
Georgia borders the North Atlantic Ocean in the Southeastern United States .
The following states permit high school students to serve as election judges : Alaska , Arizona , Arkansas , California , Colorado , Connecticut , Delaware , District of Columbia , Georgia , Guam , Hawaii , Idaho , Illinois , Kansas , Kentucky , Louisiana , Maine , Maryland , Massachusetts , Michigan , Minnesota , Mississippi , Nebraska , Nevada , New Hampshire , New Jersey , New York , North Carolina , North Dakota , Ohio , Oregon , Pennsylvania , Rhode Island , South Carolina , South Dakota , Tennessee , Texas , Utah , Vermont , West Virginia , Wisconsin , Wyoming
The Finger Lakes National Forest is a United States National Forest that encompasses of Seneca and Schuyler counties , nestled between Seneca Lake and Cayuga Lake in the Finger Lakes Region of the State of New York .
Since its admission to statehood in 1889 , Montana has participated in every U.S . presidential election .
Nevada ranks second in the United States by number of mountains , behind Alaska , and ahead of California , Montana , and Washington .
Mobile is located in the southwestern corner of the U.S . state of Alabama .
Following is a table of United States presidential elections in Arkansas , ordered by year .
Located in Clallam County is Cape Alava , the westernmost point in both Washington and the continental United States , with a longitude of 124 degrees , 43 minutes and 59 seconds West ( − 124.733 ) .
The legislature of the U.S . state of Alaska has convened 28 times since statehood became effective on January 3 , 1959 .
California is the most populous and third largest U.S . state by area , located on the West Coast of the United States .
Hillary Clinton won the state of New Mexico with a plurality , by a margin of 8.2 percentage points , carrying the state's 5 electoral votes .
The legal status of Texas is the standing of Texas as a political entity .
All redistricting events that took place in Minnesota between 1973 and 2013 are shown .
There are 52 state parks in the U.S . state of Arkansas , as of 2017 .
Portland is the largest city in the U.S . state of Oregon and the seat of Multnomah County .
US 50 passes through a total of 12 states ; California , Nevada , Utah , Colorado , Kansas , Missouri , Illinois , Indiana , Ohio , West Virginia , Virginia , and Maryland , as well as the District of Columbia .
Acadia National Park , located on Mount Desert Island off the coast of the U.S . state of Maine , was created in part by land and other donations by John D . Rockefeller Jr . Between 1919 and 1931 , Rockefeller , who was opposed to the introduction of automobiles on the island , personally oversaw the construction of a network of carriage roads , closed to motorized vehicles , on the eastern half of the island , including sixteen granite bridges and two gatehouses .
As of the 2010 U.S . Census the micropolitan area ranked the most populous in the State of Maine and also the only micropolitan area within the state .
The Northern State Parkway ( also known as the Northern State or Northern Parkway ) is a limited - access state parkway on Long Island in the U.S . state of New York .
This is a list of state parks and reserves in the Montana state park system , in the United States .
This is a list of symbols of the United States Commonwealth of Virginia .
This is a list of state parks in Georgia . The park system of the US state of Georgia was founded in 1931 with Indian Springs State Park and Vogel State Park .
It is not within the boundaries of the modern - day state of Virginia .
The terms exclude the non - contiguous states of Alaska and Hawaii , and all off - shore insular areas , These differ from the related term continental United States which includes Alaska ( also on the North American continent but separated from the 48 states by British Columbia , Canada ) but excludes Hawaii and insular territories .
The etymologies of six states are disputed or unclear : Arizona , Hawaii , Idaho , Maine , Oregon , and Rhode Island ( in the table below , those states have one row for each potential source language or meaning ) .
The Constitution of the State of Connecticut is the basic governing document of the U.S . state of Connecticut .
Jefferson County is the only county in Florida which borders both the state of Georgia and the Gulf of Mexico As of the census of 2010 , there were 14,761 people , 5,646 households , and 3,798 families residing in the county .
Most recently on December 1 , 2009 , the Office of Management and Budget defined 1067 statistical areas for the United States , including two metropolitan statistical areas and three micropolitan statistical areas in the State of Alaska .
The following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to Texas : Texas – second most populous and the second most extensive of the 50 states of the United States of America .
According to federal law , the term " United States " , when used in a geographical sense , means " the continental United States , Alaska , Hawaii , Puerto Rico , Guam , and the United States Virgin Islands " .
The Ohio River Islands National Wildlife Refuge ( ORINWR ) is a National Wildlife Refuge ( NWR ) in non - contiguous sites consisting of islands along of the Ohio River , primarily ( 85 % of acreage ) in the U.S . state of West Virginia .
There are currently 14 U.S . Highways that exist entirely or partially in the U.S . state of Maryland .
McKinley County is a county in the northwestern section of the U.S . state of New Mexico .
Carroll County is a county located in the U.S . state of Arkansas .
Hillary Clinton won the election in Hawaii with 62.2 % of the vote , her highest vote percentage of any state , though a significant decrease from President Obama's 70.55 % from 2012 .
The following entities are required by state statute to have at least one member from each congressional district : Table of United States congressional district boundary maps in the State of Minnesota , presented chronologically .
The state borders six U.S . states : Pennsylvania and New Jersey to the south , and Connecticut , Rhode Island ( across Long Island Sound ) , Massachusetts , and Vermont to the east .
Año Nuevo State Park is a state park of California , USA , encompassing Año Nuevo Island and Año Nuevo Point , which are known for their pinniped rookeries .
Georgia was one of the original Thirteen Colonies and ratified the Constitution of the United States on January 2 , 1788 .
The Spanish , the Russians , and other Europeans began exploring and colonizing the area in the 16th and 17th centuries , with the Spanish establishing its first California mission at what is now San Diego in 1769 .
According to the 2011 census Durg district has a population of 3,343,079 , roughly equal to the nation of Uruguay or the US state of Connecticut .
This was a much larger area than the present Clinton County , including several other counties or county parts of the present New York State .
In the western United States it is known from western Montana , Idaho , Washington , Oregon , Nevada , Utah , Wyoming ( Albany and Carbon counties ) , western Colorado , New Mexico ( Grant Co . ) , and Arizona ( Graham Co . ) .
On December 1 , 2009 , the Office of Management and Budget defined 1,067 statistical areas for the United States , including four combined statistical areas , nine metropolitan statistical areas , and 15 micropolitan statistical areas in the State of Iowa .
The Orleans - Franklin - 1 Representative District is a one member state Representative district in the U.S . state of Vermont .
The city is at the northern end of Canandaigua Lake , in the Finger Lakes region , the largest wine - producing area in New York State .
An Arizona state park is an area of land in the U.S . state of Arizona preserved by the state for its natural , cultural , or recreational resources .
This is a list of companies based in Idaho . Idaho is a state in the northwestern region of the United States .
Geography of Colorado Places in Colorado Demographics of Colorado Politics of Colorado Government of Colorado Courts of Colorado Law of Colorado History of Colorado Timeline of Colorado history Culture of Colorado Sports in Colorado Economy of Colorado Education in Colorado
The term for state governors is four years in all states but Vermont and New Hampshire ; the Vermont and New Hampshire governors serve for two years .
The state of Louisiana is home to 54 of these landmarks , spanning a range of history from early to modern times .
Elections in California are held to fill various local , state and federal seats .
The following is a list of 36 counties in the U.S . state of Oregon . The Oregon Constitution does not explicitly provide for county seats ; Article VI , covering the " Administrative Department " of the state of Oregon , simply states that : More details on the etymologies of Oregon county names and place names in general are documented in " Oregon Geographic Names " .
Seminole State Park is a 604 acre ( 2.44 km ) state park located on the shores of Lake Seminole in the extreme southwest corner of Georgia .
It is also common on African islands such as Canary and Madeira islands , and in the US states such as Alaska , California , Florida , Texas and Washington .
It is native to Siberia , the Russian Far East , China , Mongolia , Korea , Japan , Nepal , Canada ( including Yukon and Northwest Territories ) , the northern United States ( Alaska , northern North Dakota , northern Minnesota ) . "
The following timeline traces the territorial evolution of the U.S . State of Utah .
The California - Nevada - Hawaii District is one of the 35 districts of the Lutheran Church – Missouri Synod ( LCMS ) , and encompasses the state of Hawaii , California with the exception of its eight southernmost counties , and Nevada with the exception of the Clark County at its southern end .
North Alabama is a region of the U.S . state of Alabama , generally considered to include 16 counties : Blount , Cherokee , Colbert , Cullman , DeKalb , Etowah , Franklin , Jackson , Lauderdale , Lawrence , Limestone , Madison , Marion , Marshall , Morgan , and Winston , with a combined population of 1,000,985 , or 20.94 % of the state's population as of 2010 Census .
Seven states in the central and inland northeastern US , traditionally considered to be part of the Midwest , can also be classified as being part of the Eastern United States : Illinois , Indiana , Iowa , Michigan , Minnesota , Ohio , and Wisconsin .
The following is an alphabetical list of articles related to the U.S . state of Colorado .
On March 28 , 2008 , Suffolk County , New York comptroller Joseph Sawicki proposed a plan that would make Long Island ( specifically , Nassau and Suffolk counties ) the 51st state of the United States of America ( or , should Upstate New York and / or Western New York be included in the breakup of New York State , the 52nd or 53rd ) .
Bond County is a county located in the U.S . state of Illinois .
Carson National Forest is a national forest in northern New Mexico , United States .
11 states ( Connecticut , Delaware , Illinois , Massachusetts , New Jersey , New Mexico , Oregon , Pennsylvania , Rhode Island , Washington , California ) have stated they would sue to block the Trump administration's requested question .
North Dakota ( ) is a U.S . state in the midwestern and northern regions of the United States .
This is a list of U.S . Routes in the U.S . state of California .
The most populous state is Massachusetts , and the most populous city is Massachusetts " political and cultural capital , Boston .
Boise ( ) is the capital and most populous city of the U.S . state of Idaho , and is the county seat of Ada County .
Washington County is a county in the U.S . state of Idaho .
The Lamoille - 1 Representative District is a one member state Representative district in the U.S . state of Vermont .
The Upstate region includes most of the state of New York , excluding New York City , the Lower Hudson Valley , and Long Island , although the precise boundary is debated .
Following is a table of United States presidential elections in Delaware , ordered by year .
Morehouse Parish ( French : " Paroisse de Morehouse " ) is a parish located in the U.S . state of Louisiana .
The legislation regarding Indian Affairs that bears the authorship of Senator Jackson and Gerrard , and the sponsorship of Senator Jackson includes : In 1959 , Alaska became the 49th U.S . state .
The State of Maryland contains of designated state forest which are managed by the Maryland Forest Service .
Greater Bridgeport is the metropolitan area centered on the city of Bridgeport in the U.S . state of Connecticut .
Wilkinson County , established in 1803 and named for General James Wilkinson ( 1757 - 1825 ) , is a county located in the U.S . state of Georgia .
On election day , Barack Obama carried the state of New York by a landslide margin , winning 63.35 % of the vote to Mitt Romney's 35.17 % .
Sawyer County is a county in the U.S . state of Wisconsin .
The U.S . state of Utah operates a system of state routes that serve all portions of the state .
Bromus aleutensis , commonly known as Aleutian brome , is a species of flowering plant in the Poaceae family which can be found in such US states such as Alaska and Washington and also in Canadian provinces such as Alberta , British Columbia , Ontario and Quebec .
California is a U.S . state on the western coast of North America .
Rockingham County is a county located in the U.S . state of North Carolina .
Clatsop State Forest is a state forest in Clatsop and Columbia counties in the U.S . state of Oregon .
Apalachicola Bay is an estuary and lagoon located on the northwest coast of the U.S . state of Florida .
That treaty also defined a northern border for New Spain , at 42d north ( now the northern boundary of the U.S . states of California , Nevada , and Utah ) .
The Rutland - 8 Representative District is a one member state Representative district in the U.S . state of Vermont .
Puerto Rico is larger than two U.S . states , Delaware and Rhode Island .
There are also significant cohesive Japanese communities in the Philippines , East Malaysia , Peru , Buenos Aires , Córdoba and Misiones in Argentina , the U.S . states of Hawaii , California , and Washington , and the Canadian cities of Vancouver and Toronto .
New York is an unincorporated community in Wayne County , in the U.S . state of Iowa .
Only four states – Maine , Kentucky , Vermont , and West Virginia – have been created from land claimed by another state ; all of the others were created from territories or directly from acquisitions .
Like Oregon , the state is divided politically by the urban / rural divide and geographically by the Cascade Mountains .
In the United States it is specifically located in southeast Alaska , California and eastern Montana .
The Beginning Point of the U.S . Public Land Survey is the point from which the United States in 1786 began the formal survey of the lands known then as the Northwest Territory , now making up all or part of Ohio , Indiana , Illinois , Michigan , and Wisconsin .
This division includes eight states and one district ; Delaware , Florida , Georgia , Maryland , North Carolina , South Carolina , Virginia , West Virginia , and Washington , D.C . . This division is also a recognized geographical division used by the United States Geological Survey .
Kittitas County is a county located in the U.S . state of Washington .
In most cases , this means only public buildings ( usually the state capitol building ) , but in Mississippi it also includes some lands that are legally defined as belonging to the state , such as tidelands .
Passing through the seven states of New York , Pennsylvania , Ohio , Michigan , Wisconsin , Minnesota , and North Dakota , it is the longest of the eleven National Scenic Trails authorized by Congress .
Contemporary immigrants settle predominantly in seven states , California , New York , Florida , Texas , Pennsylvania , New Jersey and Illinois , comprising about 44 % of the U.S . population as a whole .
The island had been a retirement destination since the late 1960s , with a median age of 54 years ( for comparison , the median age of Washington state as a whole is 37 years ) .
On four different Super Tuesdays , Clinton secured numerous important wins in each of the nine most populous states including California , New York , Florida , and Texas , while Sanders scored various victories in between .
St . Clair County is a county located in the western portion of the U.S . state of Missouri .
Since its admission to statehood in 1959 , Hawaii has participated in every U.S . presidential election .
Geography of Nevada Environment of Nevada Demographics of Nevada Politics of Nevada Government of Nevada Courts of Nevada Law of Nevada History of Nevada Culture of Nevada Sports in Nevada Economy of Nevada Education in Nevada
In 1894 , Article VII , Section 7 , ( renumbered in 1938 as Article XIV , Section 1 ) of the New York State Constitution was adopted , which reads in part : The lands of the state , now owned or hereafter acquired , constituting the forest preserve as now fixed by law , shall be forever kept as wild forest lands .
Alaska is a state situated in the northwest extremity of the North American continent .
This is a complete List of National Historic Landmarks in Idaho .
Cascade County ( " cascade " means " waterfall " in French ) is a county located in the U.S . state of Montana .
It is located within the Shawnee National Forest in Union County in the U.S . state of Illinois .
Southwest Louisiana ( SWLA ) is a five - parish area intersecting the Acadiana and Central Louisiana regions in the U.S . state of Louisiana .
Metro Atlanta , designated by the United States Office of Management and Budget as the Atlanta – Sandy Springs – Roswell , GA Metropolitan Statistical Area , is the most populous metro area in the US state of Georgia and the ninth - largest metropolitan statistical area ( MSA ) in the United States .
Women in Illinois could now vote for presidential electors and for all local offices not specifically named in the Illinois Constitution .
The United States Census Bureau estimates that the population of Oregon was 4,093,465 on July 1 , 2016 , a 6.8 % increase over the 2010 United States Census .
Oneida County is a county located in the U.S . state of Idaho .
The Shawnee National Forest is a United States National Forest located in the Ozark and Shawnee Hills of Southern Illinois , United States .
The Siuslaw National Forest ( ) is a national forest in western Oregon in the United States .
The following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to the U.S . state of Mississippi : Mississippi – U.S . state located in the Southern United States , named after the Mississippi River which flows along its western boundary .
The New York State Legislature consists of the two houses that act as the state legislature of the U.S . state of New York .
The following is a list of Minnesota weather records observed at various stations across the state during the last 100 years .
Lieutenant Governor of Idaho is a constitutional statewide elected office in the U.S . state of Idaho .
By area , it is the largest county in Minnesota and the largest in the U.S . east of the Mississippi River .
Pacific County is a county located in the U.S . state of Washington .
The Kodiak National Wildlife Refuge is a United States National Wildlife Refuge in the Kodiak Archipelago in southwestern Alaska , United States .
Adams County is a county in the U.S . state of Nebraska .
Wilkes County is a county located in the east central portion of the U.S . state of Georgia .
The coastal plain areas ( including Cape Cod in Massachusetts , Long Island in New York , most of New Jersey , Delaware , and the Chesapeake Bay in Maryland and Virginia ) are generally low and flat , with sandy soil and marshy land .
The Dixon Entrance is a strait about long and wide in the Pacific Ocean at the Canada – United States border , between the U.S . state of Alaska and the province of British Columbia in Canada .
Washington is a village in St . Landry Parish , Louisiana , United States .
Aransas National Wildlife Refuge is a 114,657 acre ( 464 km ) protected area situated on the southwest side of San Antonio Bay along the Gulf Coast of the U.S . state of Texas .
Skamania is a small unincorporated community in Skamania County in the southwestern part of the U.S . state of Washington .
Alaska Day is a legal holiday in the U.S . state of Alaska , observed on October 18 .
Columbiana County is a county located in the U.S . state of Ohio .
Washington County is a county located in the U.S . state of Ohio .
It is found in the United States , including Illinois , Iowa , Kentucky , Massachusetts , Minnesota , New York , Ohio and Wisconsin and Quebec in Canada .
Saint Paul is the capital city of the U.S . state of Minnesota and the county seat of Ramsey County .
Below are the Federal lands in the United States state of Tennessee
Madison County is a county of the U.S . state of Alabama .
The treaties of May and July , 1846 , are described as being between " that portion of the tribe or nation of Indians called the Cayuga Indians residing in the western part of the state of New York , of one part , and the state of New York , of the other . . . The relators seem unknown to the state , and I do not find that they have in any manner or at any time been recognized as a " part " or " portion " of the Cayuga nation of Indians .
This is a list of official symbols of the U.S . state of Louisiana .
As of July 2011 , all but seventeen states ( Alabama , Alaska , Arkansas , Delaware , Hawaii , Idaho , Iowa , Kansas , Mississippi , Montana , Nebraska , New Mexico , North Dakota , South Dakota , Utah , West Virginia and Wyoming ) have been covered within individual books .
BLC members are legislators from the ten states along the U.S . - Mexico border : California , Arizona , New Mexico , and Texas in the U.S . , and Baja California , Sonora , Chihuahua , Coahuila , Nuevo Leon , and Tamaulipas in Mexico .
Regions shared with other states : Wisconsin can be divided into five geographic regions .
Though the structure was historically more widespread , now Georgia is the only state in the United States to have counties governed by a sole commissioner .
Louisiana was won by Governor Bill Clinton , a major swing from the statewide results in 1988 when Republican nominee George H.W . Bush carried the state with 54 percent of the vote and with a double - digit margin of victory .
This is a list of National Park System areas in New York .
The Rutland - 1 - 1 Representative District is a one - member state Representative district in the U.S . state of Vermont .
Monroe County is a county on the northeast border of the U.S . state of Mississippi next to Alabama .
The state highway system of the U.S . state of Oregon is a network of highways that are owned and maintained by the Highway Division of the Oregon Department of Transportation ( ODOT ) .
The following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to the United States Commonwealth of Kentucky : Kentucky – state located in the East Central United States of America , nicknamed the " Bluegrass State " , due to the presence of bluegrass in many of the pastures throughout the state .
Saint Paul Island has the largest Aleut community in the United States , one of the U.S . government's officially recognized Native American " tribal entities " of Alaska .
The highest area in Georgia is Brasstown Bald which is 1,458 m ( 4,784 ft ) above sea level , while the lowest is at sea level , at the Atlantic Ocean .
The Santa Clara Indian Reservation is an Indian reservation in north - central New Mexico , United States .
New York State Route 11A is a north - south highway in the reservation .
Assembly constituency ) | Ramnagar ] ] ( Assembly constituency ) | Kapseti ] ] According to the 2011 census Varanasi district has a population of 3,682,194 , roughly equal to the nation of Liberia or the US state of Oklahoma .
List of members of the United States House of Representatives from Connecticut , their terms in office , district boundaries , and the district political ratings according to the CPVI .
The 48 contiguous states and Washington , D.C . , are in central North America between Canada and Mexico ; the two other states , Alaska and Hawaii , are in the northwestern part of North America and an archipelago in the mid - Pacific , respectively , while the territories are scattered throughout the Pacific Ocean and the Caribbean Sea .
Franklin County is a county located in the U.S . state of Vermont .
The U.S . state of Idaho has 16 official emblems , as designated by the Idaho Legislature .
Anaho Island is a rocky island in Pyramid Lake , and located on the Pyramid Lake Indian Reservation , Washoe County , in the U.S . state of Nevada .
Louisiana is one of only five states that elects its state officials in odd - numbered years . (
The Windham - 2 Representative District is a one member state Representative district in the U.S . state of Vermont .
At an area of , it is the largest state forest in Minnesota .
It is the most populous state and the third largest by area after Alaska and Texas .
Hampton Buttes is a small range of mountains or hills in the U.S . state of Oregon .
Term limits legislation – term limits for state and federal office - holders – has been a recurring political issue in the U.S . state of Oregon since 1992 .
Following is a table of United States presidential elections in Maryland , ordered by year .
The Forest contains some of the most extensive tracts of remaining old - growth forest in Pennsylvania , totaling thousands of acres .
The county was organized eighteen years before Mississippi became a state .
Alaska is the only non - contiguous U.S . state on continental North America ; about of British Columbia ( Canada ) separates Alaska from Washington .
English is Illinois's official language . Illinois was one of the first states in America to pass an official language law , though its first official language was not English but " American " .
Clinton County is a county in the U.S . state of Michigan .
The reservation and its people are recognized as Native American by the state of New York but it has not received federal recognition from the US Bureau of Indian Affairs .
The modern Sault Tribe is descended from Ojibwe ancestors who lived on Sugar Island in the St . Mary's River between the U.S . state of Michigan and the Canadian province of Ontario , and in the area .
Oklahoma ( ) is a state in the South Central region of the United States , bordered by Kansas on the north , Missouri on the northeast , Arkansas on the east , Texas on the south , New Mexico on the west , and Colorado on the northwest .
A solidly blue state , Washington has voted for the Democratic presidential nominee in every presidential election since 1988 .
U.S . Route 64 ( US 64 ) is the longest numbered route in the U.S . state of North Carolina , running from the Tennessee state line to the Outer Banks .
This is an incomplete list of military and other armed confrontations that have occurred within the boundaries of the modern US State of Montana since European contact .
These are tables of congressional delegations from Louisiana to the United States House of Representatives and the United States Senate .
Aleutians West Census Area is a census area located in the U.S . state of Alaska .
St . Helena Parish ( ) is a parish in the U.S . state of Louisiana .
The Point Washington State Forest is in the U.S . state of Florida .
It is native to western , northern , and eastern Canada ( Yukon , Northwest Territories , British Columbia , Alberta , Nunavut , Quebec , Labrador , Newfoundland ) , the western United States ( Alaska , Montana , Wyoming , Colorado , Idaho , Utah , Nevada , Washington , Oregon , California ) , Russia , Mongolia , Kazakhstan , and western China ( Tibet + Xinjiang ) . "
Anchor Point is an unincorporated community and census - designated place ( CDP ) in Kenai Peninsula Borough , in the U.S . state of Alaska .
The drainage basin includes parts of five Canadian provinces ( Alberta , Saskatchewan , Manitoba , Ontario and Quebec ) , territories ( Northwest Territories and Nunavut ) and four American states ( Montana , South Dakota , North Dakota and Minnesota ) .
Minnesota State Forests are State forests located within the U.S . State of Minnesota .
The axis of the archipelago near the mainland of Alaska has a southwest trend , but at Tanaga Island ( about 178 ° W ) its direction changes to the northwest .
The boundaries were finalized for Oregon upon entering the Union as the 33rd state on February 14 , 1859 .
Following is a table of United States presidential elections in Iowa , ordered by year .
The Sauvie Island Wildlife Area is a state game management area on Sauvie Island in the U.S . state of Oregon .
The Sylvania Mountains Wilderness is a federally designated wilderness area located east of Bishop in the state of California .
Nebraska is a state that lies in both the Great Plains and the Midwestern United States .
In western New York , a series of hills forming spurs of the Allegheny Mountains enter the state from Pennsylvania and occupy the entire southern half of the west part of the state .
In Alaska , the county equivalents are called boroughs ( parts of the state which are not included in any borough are considered part of the Unorganized Borough , which itself is divided into census areas ) , and in Louisiana , the county equivalents are called parishes .
The following is an alphabetical list of articles related to the U.S . state of California .
Long Island is an island in the Alexander Archipelago of southeastern Alaska , United States .
Connecticut's 1st congressional district is a congressional district in the U.S . state of Connecticut .
The New Mexico Department of Health is the state agency charged with handling handles all medical and health related fields within the state of New Mexico New Mexico in the United States .
The history of California can be divided into : the Native American period ; European exploration period from 1542 to 1769 ; the Spanish colonial period , 1769 to 1821 ; the Mexican period , 1821 to 1848 ; and United States statehood , from September 9 , 1850 ( in Compromise of 1850 ) which continues to this present day .
Texas borders Mexico and the Gulf of Mexico in the South Central United States .
Alaska’s state park system is managed by the Alaska Department of Natural Resources division of Parks and Outdoor Recreation .
The 2008 congressional elections in Colorado were held on November 4 , 2008 to determine who will represent the state of Colorado in the United States House of Representatives , coinciding with the presidential and senatorial elections .
Following is a table of United States presidential elections in West Virginia , ordered by year .
The Myakka State Forest is in the U.S . state of Florida .
The U.S . state of Wisconsin is divided into 72 counties .
Not part of any continent , Hawaii is located in the Pacific Ocean , about from North America and almost halfway to Asia .
Alaska has 12 percent of all National Forest lands .
Below are the following protected federal lands of the United States in the state of South Carolina .
St . George ( Aleut : Anĝaaxchalux̂ ) is a city in Aleutians West Census Area , Alaska , United States .
New Orleans – Metairie Metropolitan Statistical Area , or the Greater New Orleans Region ( as it is often called by the Louisiana Tourism Commission ) , is a metropolitan area designated by the United States Census encompassing eight parishes ( the Louisiana equivalent of other states " counties ) in the state of Louisiana , centering on the city of New Orleans .
The land that is now Missouri was acquired from France as part of the Louisiana Purchase and became known as the Missouri Territory .
Monroe County is a county in the U.S . state of Pennsylvania .
Hawaii was admitted to the Union on August 21 , 1959 and elects U.S . Senators to Classes 1 and 3 .
Geography of Nebraska Demographics of Nebraska Politics of Nebraska Government of Nebraska Courts of Nebraska History of Nebraska Culture of Nebraska Sports in Nebraska Economy of Nebraska Education in Nebraska
Illinois ( ) is a state in the Midwestern region of the United States .
Minnesota has three nicknames : " Land of 10,000 Lakes " , which evolved from the desire of early settlers to advertise the state's large number of lakes to attract more people ; " Gopher State " , which was inspired by an early political cartoon criticizing the construction of several railroads in the mid - 1800s ; and " North Star State " , a reference to both the state motto and Minnesota's position as the northernmost point in the contiguous United States .
In 1803 , most of the land for modern day Kansas was acquired by the United States from France as part of the 828,000 square mile Louisiana Purchase .
New Jersey is one of seven U.S . states ( with Arizona , Idaho , Maryland , North Dakota , South Dakota , and Washington ) in which districts for the upper and lower house of the legislature are coterminous .
On the same day that Florida was admitted as a state , March 3 , 1845 , Congress enacted legislation creating the United States District Court for the District of Florida , .
The following is an alphabetical list of articles related to the U.S . state of Mississippi .
South Dakota has the third highest proportion of Native Americans of any state , behind Alaska and New Mexico .
As of the 2010 Census , Nevada was the fastest growing state in the United States , with an increase of 35.1 % in the last ten years .
Utah , a state in the western United States that straddles the intersection of the Colorado Plateau , the Great Basin , and the Rocky Mountains , has been the traditional home of several Uto - Aztecan bands from a few tribes that are considered Paiute and Shoshone .
The Wallowa – Whitman National Forest is a United States National Forest in the U.S . states of Oregon and Idaho .
Neither of the noncontiguous states , Alaska and Hawaii , have named a state reptile .
Rhode Island is bordered by Connecticut to the west , Massachusetts to the north and east , and the Atlantic Ocean to the south via Rhode Island Sound and Block Island Sound .
The U.S . routes in Washington are United States Numbered Highways that are owned and maintained by the U.S . state of Washington through the Washington State Department of Transportation ( WSDOT ) .
Florida's First Coast , or simply the First Coast , is a region of the U.S . state of Florida , located on the Atlantic coast of North Florida .
Of the states entirely east of the Mississippi River , Georgia is the largest in land area .
Marshall County is a county located in the U.S . state of Mississippi .
In 1803 , most of the land for modern day Kansas was acquired by the United States from France as part of the 828,000 square mile Louisiana Purchase for 2.83 cents per acre .
Longboat Key is a town in Manatee and Sarasota counties along the central west coast of the U.S . state of Florida , located on and coterminous with the barrier island of the same name .
Spread over 11 U.S . states ( Florida , Maine , Missouri , New Jersey , Ohio , Pennsylvania , Virginia , Wisconsin , Indiana , Illinois , and Connecticut ) and the Canadian provinces of Ontario and Quebec , the great majority of congregations are in the Great Lakes and Mid - Atlantic regions .
The largest counties and county equivalents are organized boroughs and the census areas of Alaska with the top two being Yukon – Koyukuk Census Area ( ) and North Slope Borough ( ) .
Most recently on December 1 , 2009 , the Office of Management and Budget defined 1067 statistical areas for the United States , including 1 combined statistical area ( although , another was added in 2011 ) , 12 metropolitan statistical areas , and 9 micropolitan statistical areas in the State of Washington .
Prentiss County is a county located in the U.S . state of Mississippi .
Alaska and Hawaii were formerly included in the " special " definition of a " state " until each was removed from that general definition by the Alaska Omnibus Act and the Hawaii Omnibus Act when they were respectively admitted to the Union .
Containing , it is the largest state forest in Illinois .
This is a list of villages in New York , which includes all 536 villages in the U.S . state of New York .
The Sandia Mountains ( Southern Tiwa : Posu gai hoo - oo , Navajo : Dził Nááyisí ; Zuni : Chibiya Yalanne ) are a mountain range located in Bernalillo and Sandoval counties , immediately to the east of the city of Albuquerque in New Mexico in the southwestern United States .
The U.S . Fish and Wildlife Service includes Montana in the Mountain - Prairie region which includes Colorado , Kansas , Nebraska , North Dakota , South Dakota , Utah , and Wyoming .
Jeff Davis County is a county located in the U.S . state of Georgia .
Since its admission to statehood in 1859 , Oregon has participated in every U.S . presidential election .
Hawadax Island ( ) is an island in the Rat Islands archipelago of the western Aleutian Islands in the U.S . state of Alaska .
Albany is the capital of the U.S . state of New York and the seat of Albany County .
Western New York consists of 17 western counties in New York State : Allegany , Cattaraugus , Chautauqua , Chemung , Erie , Genesee , Livingston , Monroe , Niagara , Ontario , Orleans , Schuyler , Seneca , Steuben , Wayne , Wyoming , and Yates , with a land area of .
Washington County is a county located in the U.S . state of Mississippi .
In the U.S . state of Oregon , U.S . Route 97 is a major north – south United States highway which runs through the state of Oregon ( among other states ) .
Colorado , a state in the western United States that straddles the heights of the Rocky Mountains and the western edges of the Great Plains , has been the traditional home of several Uto - Aztecan , Algonquian , and Tanoan tribes .
Bernalillo County is the most populous county in the U.S . state of New Mexico .
This is a list of islands of West Virginia .
Union Parish ( French : " Paroisse de l'Union " ) is a parish located in the U.S . state of Louisiana .
This list of cities , towns , unincorporated communities , counties , and other recognized places in the U.S . state of Alaska also includes information on the number and names of counties in which the place lies , and its lower and upper zip code bounds , if applicable .
Ramsey County is a county located in the U.S . state of Minnesota .
The river is approximately long , running through the U.S . states of New York and Pennsylvania .
As of 1975 , 10 states " constitutions allowed the governor to reorganize state government departments subject to a legislative veto : Alaska , California , Illinois , Kansas , Maryland , Massachusetts , Michigan , Missouri , New Jersey , and Vermont .
The southern portion of Illinois Territory was admitted as the 21st state , Illinois .
St . Cloud is a city in the U.S . state of Minnesota and the largest population center in the state's central region .
The 1812 United States presidential election in Connecticut took place between October 30 and December 2 , 1812 , as part of the 1812 United States presidential election .
Southwest Alaska is a region of the U.S . state of Alaska .
Its range spans from the states of Durango and Coahuilla in Mexico , north to the state of Texas in the United States .
Although , over 41 percent of Puerto Ricans live in just two states , namely New York ( 23 % ) and Florida ( 18 % ) , large numbers can also be found in the states of New Jersey , Pennsylvania , Massachusetts , and Connecticut .
Generally speaking , the North Country is understood to be that portion of northern New York which lies outside the Adirondack Park and consists of mostly level lands or the foothills of the Adirondack Mountains , but is not within the Adirondack range itself .
The West Mountains are a mountain range in the U.S . state of Idaho , spanning part of Boise and Payette national forests .
Bean Hollow State Beach is a beach in the state park system of California , USA .
Oregon was won by Governor Bill Clinton ( D - Arkansas ) with 42.48 percent of the popular vote over incumbent President George H.W . Bush ( R - Texas ) with 32.53 percent .
" Streptopus amplexifolius " is widely distributed across North America ( Greenland , northern United States including Alaska ; and most of Canada including Yukon and Northwest Territories ) .
Najibabad , Chandpur , Noorpur , Dhampur , Nagina ( reserved ) , Bijnor , Barhapur , Nehtaur ( Reserved ) According to the 2011 census Bijnor district has a population of 3,683,896 , roughly equal to the nation of Liberia or the US state of Oklahoma .
This is a list of Native American place names in the U.S . state of Maryland .
The 2000 United States presidential election in Mississippi took place on November 7 , 2000 , and was part of the 2000 United States presidential election .
Since its admission to statehood in 1861 , Kansas has participated in every U.S . presidential election .
Washington County is a county located in the U.S . state of Iowa .
Alaska and Hawaii territories were admitted as states in 1959 .
Fort Lauderdale ( ) is a city in the U.S . state of Florida , north of Miami .
Bi - state New Jersey New York Inter - state New York New York Bay East River Long Island Sound Bronx County Kings County Jamaica Bay islands New York County Upper Bay islands East River islands Queens County Jamaica Bay islands Richmond County Westchester County New Jersey New York Lower Bay Upper Bay East River Lower Bay Raritan Bay Jamaica Bay Arthur Kill
Ballast Key is an island in the Florida Keys in Monroe County , Florida , United States .
Clark County is located in the U.S . state of Nevada .
The Mississippi Legislature is the state legislature of the U.S . state of Mississippi .
Following the Republican Party election victories in 1860 , the United States Congress admitted Kansas to the Union .
Louisiana's 5th Congressional District is a congressional district in the U.S . state of Louisiana .
The following is an alphabetical list of articles related to the U.S . state of Illinois .
There are 39 counties in the U.S . state of Washington . Washington came from what was the western part of Washington Territory and was admitted to the Union as the 42nd state in 1889 .
They form the easternmost point of the state of Louisiana , United States and are a part of the Breton National Wildlife Refuge .
Albany ( ) is the capital of the U.S . state of New York and the seat of Albany County .
South Dakota is a state located in the north - central United States .
Central Washington is a region of the U.S . state of Washington between the western and eastern parts of the state extending from the border with the Canadian province of British Columbia in the north to the border with the U.S . state of Oregon in the south .
Western New York is the westernmost region of the state of New York .
Since its admission to statehood in 1819 , Alabama has participated in every U.S . presidential election except the election of 1864 , during the American Civil War , when the state had seceded to join the Confederacy .
The Nueces River ( ) ( Spanish : Río Nueces ) ( ) is a river in the U.S . state of Texas , about long .
The U.S . state of New York currently comprises 27 congressional districts .
Besides those countries it can be found in the US state of Alaska , and British Columbia , Canada , where it was discovered in March 1981 , on Bougie Creek .
In April , 1860 , the United States House of Representatives voted 134 to 73 to admit Kansas under the Wyandotte Constitution ; however , there was resistance in the United States Senate .
San Juan Island is the second - largest and most populous of the San Juan Islands in northwestern Washington , United States .
Florida is a town south of the Mohawk River in Montgomery County , New York , United States .
Pachaug State Forest is the largest forest in the Connecticut state forest system , encompassing over 27,000 acres ( 110 km ² ) of land .
Idaho Territory was admitted to the US as the 43rd state , Idaho .
In the 1980 United States Census the largest ancestry group reported in Texas was English , with 3,083,323 Texans who identify as being of English ancestry forming roughly 27 % of the population at the time .
Delaware County is a county located in the U.S . state of Iowa .
It is the fourth - largest National Wildlife Refuge in the United States as well as the state of Alaska , which has all eleven of the largest NWRs .
East Baton Rouge Parish ( , ) is the most populous parish in the U.S . state of Louisiana .
Alberta is bounded by the provinces of British Columbia to the west and Saskatchewan to the east , the Northwest Territories to the north , and the U.S . state of Montana to the south .
New Haven County is a county in the south central part of the U.S . state of Connecticut .
There are three types of incorporated municipalities in the Capital District of the U.S . state of New York : city , town , and village .
This is different from the other New England states , where cities are a different type of municipality equivalent to a town ( this difference is related to cities having originally developed in Connecticut from the borough model ) .
The topography ranges from small areas of low - lying swampland ( e.g . , along the Raquette and Saranac Rivers ) to the highest point in New York State at the top of Mount Marcy .
Georgia's 1st congressional district is a congressional district in the U.S . state of Georgia .
The Great North Woods are spread across four northeastern U.S . states : Maine , New Hampshire , Vermont and New York and into the Canadian province of Quebec , from the Down East lakes to the Adirondack Mountains .
Environmental issues in Brevard County in Florida United States are highlighted by the amount of waterline , the amount of wetlands , the quantity of residents and visitors to the area , as well as the usual threat to air quality from commuters .
The longest - serving governor is Terry Branstad of Iowa , who was elected to his sixth non - consecutive term in 2014 .
They are the Indigenous people of the Saint John River valley and its tributaries , and their territory extends across the current borders of New Brunswick and Quebec in Canada , and parts of Maine in the United States .
Alfred A . Loeb State Park is a state park in the U.S . state of Oregon , administered by the Oregon Parks and Recreation Department .
Examples include the extensive use of referendums in the US state of California , which is a state that has more than 20 million voters .
The Commonwealth of Kentucky has 29 official state emblems , as well as other designated places and events .
United States gubernatorial elections were held in three states and one territory , on November 1 , 1975 in Louisiana , and three days later in Kentucky and Mississippi .
The original boundaries of the territory included all of the present day State of Washington , as well as northern Idaho and Montana west of the continental divide .
The National Historic Landmarks in Alaska represent Alaska's history from its Russian heritage to its statehood .
California was part of an unorganized territory when it became a state .
As of December 2010 , GOOOH had 85,000 members nationally , and has directors in nearly every state , with the most active states being Texas , Florida , Ohio , Tennessee , Kentucky , and North Carolina GOOOH was founded in 2007 by former Dell employee Tim Cox of Texas and author of the book " Get Out of Our House : Revolution ! "
Oklahoma City ( ) , often shortened to OKC , is the capital and largest city of the U.S . state of Oklahoma .
The San Juan Islands are part of the U.S . state of Washington .
According to the 2011 census , Bulandshahr district had a population of 3,498,507 , roughly equal to the nation of Lithuania or the US state of Connecticut .
Today , " " The Californias " " is a collective term to refer to the American and Mexican states bearing the name California , which share geography , history , cultures , and strong economic ties .
The Southwest Territory was admitted to the US as the 16th state , Tennessee .
" Upstate " is a common term for New York counties north of suburban Westchester , Rockland and Dutchess counties .
Treatment of the reservation by the State of Maine , and by the Census Bureau , has varied over time .
Latouche Island is an island in the southern part of Alaska , United States .
Turn Island is a island in the San Juan Islands in the Salish Sea in the U.S . state of Washington .
In 2015 , the state ranked 13th overall in population , and was the third most populous , after California and Texas , west of the Mississippi River .
The Honey Island Swamp ( ) is a marshland located in the eastern portion of the U.S . state of Louisiana in St . Tammany Parish .
The Constitution of the State of Alaska was ratified in 1956 and took effect with Alaska's admission to the United States as a U.S . state on January 3 , 1959 .
While nearly all the archipelago is part of Alaska and is usually considered as being in the " Alaskan Bush " , at the extreme western end , the small , geologically related Commander Islands belong to Russia .
The New Bern Metropolitan Statistical Area , as defined by the United States Census Bureau , is an area consisting of three counties in the Inner Banks region of eastern North Carolina , anchored by the city of New Bern .
Each state's gubernatorial term limits are prescribed by its state constitution , with the exception of Wyoming , whose limits are found in its statutes .
The Rutland - 5 - 4 Representative District is a one - member state Representative district in the U.S . state of Vermont .
The following is an alphabetical list of articles related to the U.S . state of Maine .
The Anchorage Metropolitan Statistical Area , as defined by the United States Census Bureau , is an area consisting of the Municipality of Anchorage and the Matanuska - Susitna Borough in the south central region of Alaska .
Oklahoma is a state located in the Southern United States .
The island is the southernmost barrier island in Texas , separated from the delta landmass of the Rio Grande by unnamed channels .
Its jurisdiction covers Northern California , North of Nevada , and the following states : Alaska , Hawaii , Idaho , Montana , Oregon , Utah , Washington , Wyoming , and the Pacific Islands under American jurisdiction ( Guam and American Samoa ) .
The fauna of the State of California may be the most diverse in the United States of America .
The U.S . Highways in Alabama are the subset of the United States numbered highway system .
Quehanna Wild Area ( ) is a wildlife area within parts of Cameron , Clearfield and Elk counties in the U.S . state of Pennsylvania ; with a total area of , it covers parts of Elk and Moshannon State Forests .
The following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to Tennessee : Tennessee – U.S . state located in the Southeastern United States .
This is a complete List of National Historic Landmarks in Hawaii .
Champaign County is a county located in the U.S . state of Ohio .
The mainland portion of the state is bordered on the west by the Pacific Ocean , on the east by Sonora , the U.S . state of Arizona , and the Gulf of California ( also known as the " Sea of Cortez " ) , and on the south by " Baja California Sur " .
In the United States , the states of North Dakota and South Dakota are the only states where German is the most common language spoken at home after English .
Some jurisdictions , such as the nations of Israel , Aruba , and the Netherlands Antilles , as well as the U.S . state of New Mexico recognize same - sex marriages lawfully entered into elsewhere , while not permitting them to be performed locally .
The U.S . state of Washington has 21 official emblems , as designated by the Washington State Legislature .
It is found in Canada ( Nova Scotia , New Brunswick , Quebec and Ontario ) and the North - eastern parts of the United States ( including Maryland ) .
In the United States , it extends as far south as Montana and the Great Lakes states .
Washington ( ) , officially the State of Washington , is a state in the Pacific Northwest region of the United States .
Minnesota is a state in the Upper Midwestern region of the United States .
Don Pedro Island State Recreation Area is a State Park in the U.S . state of Florida .
The Blue Mountains ecoregion is a Level III ecoregion designated by the United States Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) in the Pacific Northwest , mainly in the state of Oregon , with small areas over the state border in Idaho and southeastern Washington .
The 2004 United States presidential election in Maine took place on November 2 , 2004 , and was part of the 2004 United States presidential election .
New Albany is a city in the U.S . state of Ohio , just northeast of the state capital of Columbus .
The Binghamton Metropolitan Statistical Area , also called Greater Binghamton or the Triple Cities , is a region of southern upstate New York in the Northeastern United States , anchored by the city of Binghamton .
Hudson Highlands State Park is a non - contiguous state park in the U.S . state of New York , located on the east side of the Hudson River .
This is a list of state parks in the U.S . state of Nebraska ; the state park system is divided into state parks , state historical parks , state recreation areas and a state recreational trail .
The Goethe State Forest is in the U.S . state of Florida .
Florida's 7th congressional district is a congressional district in the U.S . state of Florida .
Geography of Oklahoma Demographics of Oklahoma Politics of Oklahoma Government of Oklahoma Courts of Oklahoma Law of Oklahoma History of Oklahoma Culture of Oklahoma Sports in Oklahoma Economy of Oklahoma Education in Oklahoma
Clay Myers State Natural Area at Whalen Island is a state park in the U.S . state of Oregon , administered by the Oregon Parks and Recreation Department .
Since its admission to statehood in 1907 , Oklahoma has participated in every U.S . presidential election .
In the United States it is found in Maine , New Hampshire , Vermont , New York , West Virginia , Maryland , Virginia , Tennessee , North Carolina , and South Carolina .
Madison County is a county located in the U.S . state of Mississippi .
Georgia ratified the U.S . Constitution on January 2 , 1788 .
According to the 2011 census Vaishali district has a population of 3,495,021 , roughly equal to the nation of opurPanama or the US state of Connecticut .
These beetles are widespread in the northern part of the ecoregion in states such as Alaska ( Alaska Department of Fish and Game , 2013 ) .
This is a list of mountains in the US state of Vermont .
wa The National Natural Landmarks in Alaska include 16 of the almost 600 National Natural Landmarks ( NNLs ) in the United States .
The 2016 United States presidential election in New Mexico was held on November 8 , 2016 , as part of the 2016 General Election in which all 50 states plus The District of Columbia participate .
Geography of Illinois Regions of Illinois Demographics of Illinois Politics of Illinois Government of Illinois Courts of Illinois Law of Illinois History of Illinois Culture of Illinois Sports in Illinois Economy of Illinois Education in Illinois
Thirty New York state parks are managed as part of the New York State Office of Parks , Recreation and Historic Preservation's Thousand Islands Region , including many that are located on river islands or along the New York shore .
Nehantic State Forest is a publicly owned forest and recreation area occupying two parcels , one in the town of Lyme and one in the towns of East Lyme and Salem , in the state of Connecticut .
The organized State Highway System of the U.S . state of Illinois comprises all of the state routes in the state .
The 1992 United States presidential election in Oregon took place on November 3 , 1992 , as part of the 1992 United States presidential election .
The U.S . portion became the Oregon Territory in 1848 .
This is a list of notable people from the U.S . state of California .
Long Island is in southeastern New York , United States , separated from the rest of the state by the East River and from Connecticut by Long Island Sound .
The Houston Chronical disagrees with the # 1 rank assigned Texas .
Glacier Country , Montana is a tourism region in the U.S state of Montana .
Baltimore ( ) is the largest city in the U.S . state of Maryland , and the 30th - most populous city in the United States .
The settled areas are now part of the Mid - Atlantic states of New York , New Jersey , and Delaware , with small outposts in Connecticut and Pennsylvania .
The government of the U.S . state of Kansas , established by the Kansas Constitution , is a republican democracy modeled after the Federal Government of the United States .
This is a list of rivers in the U.S . state of New York .
Edwards County is a county located in the U.S . state of Illinois .
Snohomish County ( ) is a county located in the U.S . state of Washington .
Polk County is a county located in the U.S . state of Minnesota .
The Geography of Pennsylvania varies from sea level marine estuary to mountainous plateau , is significant for its natural resources and ports , and is notable for its role in the history of the United States .
This is a list of mountain ranges in the state of Montana .
Dutchess County is a county in the U.S . state of New York .
Westport is a town in Fairfield County , Connecticut , United States , along Long Island Sound within Connecticut's Gold Coast .
The following table displays , by color , the parties of elected officials in the U.S . state of Alabama from 1817 to the current year .
Monroe ( historically ) is the eighth - largest city in the U.S . state of Louisiana .
The Calapooya Mountains and the Calapooya Divide are two parts of a spur of the Western Cascade mountains in the U.S . state of Oregon that form the divide between the watersheds of the Willamette and Umpqua rivers .
Skagit County is a county in the U.S . state of Washington .
There are four minority - majority states : California , Texas , New Mexico , and Hawaii .
Jacksonville is the most populous city in the U.S . state of Florida and the largest city by area in the contiguous United States .
Nassau County is a county of the U.S . state of Florida .
It is part of the U.S . state of Texas .
Putnam County is a county located in the Piedmont region of the U.S . state of Georgia .
The Soda Mountain Wilderness is a protected wilderness area inside the Cascade – Siskiyou National Monument located in the U.S . state of Oregon adjacent to the California state border .
President Obama won the state of Washington comfortably , taking 56.16 % to Mitt Romney's 41.29 % , a 14.87 % margin of victory .
The northern cardinal is the state bird of seven states , more than any other species : Illinois , Indiana , Kentucky , North Carolina , Ohio , Virginia , and West Virginia .
The Windham - 3 - 1 Representative District is a one - member state Representative district in the U.S . state of Vermont .
The 2000 United States presidential election in Alabama took place on November 7 , 2000 , and was part of the 2000 United States presidential election .
Bent County is one of the 64 counties of the U.S . state of Colorado .
Washington County is a county located in the U.S . state of Tennessee .
The following outline is provided as an overview and topical guide to the U.S . State of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations , commonly known as Rhode Island : Geography of Rhode Island Demographics of Rhode Island Politics of Rhode Island Government of Rhode Island Courts of Rhode Island Law of Rhode Island Local government in Rhode Island History of Rhode Island Culture of Rhode Island Sports in Rhode Island Economy of Rhode Island Education in Rhode Island
Okefenokee Wilderness is a 353,981 acre ( 1,432.5 km ) U.S . Wilderness Area located in southeastern Georgia in the Okefenokee National Wildlife Refuge .
Following is a table of United States presidential elections in New Hampshire , ordered by year .
The Miss Maine USA competition is the pageant that selects the representative for the state of Maine in the Miss USA pageant .
It is found from Ontario and Quebec , south into the United States , where it has been recorded from Illinois , Wisconsin and Missouri .
Today the Oneida have four nationally recognized nations : Oneida Indian Nation in New York , an Oneida Nation of Wisconsin , in and around Green Bay , Wisconsin in the United States ; and two in Ontario , Canada : Oneida at Six Nations of the Grand River and Oneida Nation of the Thames in Southwold .
Oklahoma ranks first in the Great Plains region in terms of population , followed by Kansas , Nebraska , South Dakota , and North Dakota .
It included most of the present - day states of Arizona and New Mexico , and part of Colorado .
New Haven is a town in Oswego County , New York , United States .
Hammerhead Island is an 800 - foot - long ( 243 m ) island in the Aleutian Islands of the U.S . state of Alaska .
This is a list of counties in the U.S . state of Kansas .
Monroe County is a county located on the eastern border of the U.S . state of Ohio , across the Ohio River from West Virginia .
Bridgeport is a historic seaport city in the U.S . state of Connecticut .
It has been reported from every province and territory in Canada except the Northwest Territories , as well as every state in the northern half of the US , including Alaska , plus New Mexico and from Saint Pierre & Miquelon .
Two years later , on August 14 , 1848 , the United States Congress created the Oregon Territory ; this territory included today's states of Oregon , Washington , and Idaho , and parts of Montana and Wyoming .
In particular , countries such as Italy , the Benelux countries , Spain , Portugal ( with the Civil Code of 1867 , later replaced by the Civil Code of 1966 , which is strongly influenced by the German BGB ) , the Latin American countries , the province of Quebec in Canada , the state of Louisiana in the United States , and all other former French colonies which base their civil law systems to a strong extent on the Napoleonic Code .
Following is a table of United States presidential elections in Utah , ordered by year .
Washington contains 11 state forests .
The Oregon Badlands Wilderness is a wilderness area located east of Bend in Deschutes and Crook counties in the U.S . state of Oregon .
Caldwell Parish ( ) is a parish located in the U.S . state of Louisiana .
The 2016 United States presidential election in Maine was held on November 8 , 2016 , as part of the 2016 General Election in which all 50 states plus The District of Columbia participated .
Most recently on December 1 , 2009 , the Office of Management and Budget defined 1067 statistical areas for the United States , including two combined statistical areas , four metropolitan statistical areas , and two micropolitan statistical areas in the State of Connecticut .
It is within the boundary of Keweenaw County and Isle Royale National Park , a national park located within the U.S . state of Michigan .
The U.S . state of Ohio is to the west
As in the national government of the United States , political power in Arkansas is divided into three main branches : Executive , Legislative , and Judicial .
Berners Bay ( " Daxanaak " ) is a waterway in the U.S . state of Alaska , approximately north of Juneau .
Newburg is a village in Ozaukee and Washington Counties in the U.S . state of Wisconsin .
Oklahoma County is a county located in the central part of the U.S . state of Oklahoma .
Western Massachusetts is a region in Massachusetts , one of the six U.S . states that make up the New England region of the United States .
This is a broad outline history of the state of Montana in the United States .
This is a timeline of the U.S . state of Florida .
Delaware County is a county located in the US state of New York .
Lewis County is a county located in the north central region of the U.S . state of Idaho .
This page lists census - designated places ( CDPs ) in the U.S . state of Louisiana .
By 1814 , the Americans controlled all of Ohio , all of Indiana , Illinois south of Peoria , and the Detroit region of Michigan .
U.S . Route 2 ( US 2 ) is a state highway in the U.S . state of Idaho .
Cape Blanco , which is approximately north of Port Orford , is the westernmost point in Oregon .
Bellevue ( ) is a city in Erie , Huron and Sandusky counties in the U.S . state of Ohio , located 61 miles southwest of Cleveland and 45 miles southeast of Toledo .
Clark County is a county in the U.S . state of Wisconsin .
Geologic map of Georgia
In all , the range includes the following states : Arkansas , Colorado , Kansas , Illinois , Louisiana , Missouri , Nebraska , New Mexico , Oklahoma , Texas .
Alaska was admitted to the Union on January 3 , 1959 .
Herkimer County is a county in the U.S . state of New York .
It has been found in Africa ( including South Africa , Madagascar and Zaire ) , Australia , Bali , Belize , Brasil , Borneo , the Caribbean ( Bermuda , Grenada , Jamaica , Trinidad ) , Puerto Rico , Costa Rica , India , Indonesia ( including Sumatra ) , Sri Lanka , Thailand , Europe ( including Austria , France , Great Britain , Luxembourg , Spain , Switzerland ) , Japan , New Zealand , Mexico , Oceania ( including Fiji and Samoa ) , the Philippines , South America ( including Bolivia , Brazil , Paraguay , Colombia , Venezuela ) , Tasmania , and the United States ( California , Hawaii , Louisiana , Mississippi , Alabama , Florida and Texas ) .
Calhoun County is a county located in the U.S . state of Mississippi .
Table of United States congressional district boundary maps in the State of Mississippi , presented chronologically .
Onondaga Reservation is an Indian reservation in Onondaga County , New York , United States .
Franklin County is a county located in the U.S . state of Washington .
The Grand Isle - Chittenden - 1 - 1 Representative District is a two - member state Representative district in the U.S . state of Vermont .
The Washington - 3 - 1 Representative District is a one member state Representative district in the U.S . state of Vermont .
Oregon has been a blue state over recent years as it has voted for the Democratic Party in every presidential election since 1988 and Democrats have won every statewide election held after 2002 .
The following is an alphabetical list of articles related to the U.S . state of Connecticut .
The genus is native to the Americas , where species are distributed from Mexico to northern South America , and in the Caribbean and Florida in the United States .
Jenkins County is a county located in the southeastern area of the U.S . state of Georgia .
The Stewart B . McKinney National Wildlife Refuge is a National Wildlife Refuge in ten units across the U.S . state of Connecticut .
Since its admission to statehood in 1912 , Arizona has participated in every U.S . presidential election .
Florida's 25th congressional district is a congressional district in the U.S . state of Florida .
U.S . Route 44 ( US 44 ) in Connecticut is a east – west U.S . Highway traveling from the New York state line in Salisbury to the Rhode Island state line in Putnam .
According to the 2010 Census , Utah was the second fastest - growing state ( at 23.8 percent ) in the United States between 2000 and 2010 ( behind Nevada ) .
Montana is not known to have carried out any state censuses .
Occupying 97,814 square miles ( 253,348 km ² ) , the state of Wyoming is the 10th largest state in the country .
The rest of the United States is the size of the three New York City blocks and is drawn as a square , with a thin brown strip along the Hudson representing " Jersey " , the names of five cities ( Los Angeles ; Washington , D.C . ; Las Vegas ; Kansas City ; and Chicago ) and three states ( Texas , Utah , and Nebraska ) scattered among a few rocks for the United States beyond New Jersey .
The Cibola National Forest ( pronounced SEE - bo - lah ) is a 1,633,783 acre ( 6,611.7 km2 ) United States National Forest in New Mexico , USA .
Most recently on December 1 , 2009 , the Office of Management and Budget defined 1067 statistical areas for the United States , including three metropolitan statistical areas and five micropolitan statistical areas in the State of Montana .
In the real world , this is not true ( e.g . , the Cabinda Province as part of Angola , Nakhchivan as part of Azerbaijan , Kaliningrad as part of Russia , and Alaska as part of the United States are not contiguous ) .
In Wyoming , the secretary of state stands first in the line of succession .
With the admittance of Alaska and Hawaii , this is the last year in which states are added to the union .
This is a list of the sixteen counties in the U.S . state of Maine .
The following is a list of elections for the position of Governor of Maryland since the American Civil War .
Franklin Parish ( ) is a parish located in the U.S . state of Louisiana .
The Harbor Island National Wildlife Refuge is a horseshoe - shaped island and National Wildlife Refuge in Potagannissing Bay north of Drummond Island in the U.S . state of Michigan .
The Unorganized Borough is made up of the portions of the U.S . state of Alaska which are not contained in any of its 19 organized boroughs .
New York State Route 5 ( NY 5 ) is a state highway that extends for across the state of New York in the United States .
The Arrowhead Region is located in the northeastern part of the U.S . state of Minnesota , so called because of its pointed shape .
According to the 2011 census , Anuppur district has a population of 749,521 , roughly equal to the nation of Guyana or the US state of Alaska .
Sandusky is a city in the U.S . state of Michigan .
Seward ( Alutiiq : " Qutalleq " ) is an incorporated home rule city in Alaska , United States .
Kendall County is a county in the U.S . state of Illinois , within the Chicago metropolitan area .
Pennsylvania became the first large state , and the second state to ratify the U.S . Constitution on December 12 , 1787 , five days after Delaware became the first .
The Act mandated a transfer of federal law enforcement authority within certain tribal nations to state governments in six states : California , Minnesota ( except the Red Lake Nation ) , Nebraska , Oregon ( except the Warm Springs Reservation ) , Wisconsin ( except later the Menominee Indian Reservation ) and , upon its statehood , Alaska .
Geography of Maine Places in Maine remove redlink Demographics of Maine Politics of Maine Government of Maine Courts of Maine Law of Maine History of Maine Sports in Maine Economy of Maine Education in Maine
Caddo Parish ( French : " Paroisse de Caddo " ) is a parish located in the northwest corner of the U.S . state of Louisiana .
In 1817 , Mississippi joined the Union as the 20th state and Holmes won the election to be the first governor of the State of Mississippi unanimously .
The U.S . state of Delaware has 17 state parks , as of 2008 .
As of 2012 , four states are majority - minority : Hawaii , California , New Mexico , and Texas , in addition to the District of Columbia and all 5 inhabited territories .
Government Island is a island in the Columbia River north of Portland , in Multnomah County , in the U.S . state of Oregon .
Maryland Route 528 ( MD 528 ) is a state highway in the U.S . state of Maryland .
This is a list of the officially designated symbols of the U.S . state of New Mexico .
Copiah County is a county located in the U.S . state of Mississippi .
It is also naturalized in eastern Canada and in the US State of Maine . "
The Skagit Range is a subrange of the Cascade Range in southwestern British Columbia , Canada and northwestern Washington , United States , which are known in Canada as the Canadian Cascades or , officially , the Cascade Mountains .
Under , both the New York State Legislature and the United States Congress would need to approve any secession from New York .
Santa Rosa Island is a 40 - mile ( 64 km ) barrier island located in the U.S . state of Florida , thirty miles ( 50 km ) east of the Alabama state border .
The first national park was Yellowstone National Park in the state of Wyoming , established in 1872 .
Courts of Georgia
Alaska , New Jersey , Michigan , Wisconsin , North Dakota , New Mexico , Arizona , and California ) .
The 1789 United States presidential election in Pennsylvania took place on January 7 , 1789 , as part of the 1788 – 1789 United States presidential election to elect the first President .
The State of New York is well represented in the National Park System with 22 national parks , which received 16,349,381 visitors in 2011 .
According to the 2011 census Nanded district has a population of 3,356,566 , roughly equal to the nation of Uruguay or the US state of Connecticut .
The Franklin - 4 Representative District is a one member state Representative district in the U.S . state of Vermont .
The 2016 United States House of Representatives elections in Hawaii occurred on November 8 , 2016 .
The largest parks in New York are the Adirondack Park , at ; and the Catskill Park , at .
When President Benjamin Harrison signed the law admitting Idaho as a U.S . state on July 3 , 1890 , the population was 88,548 .
There are currently 30 states that have native American gaming : Alabama , Alaska , Arizona , California , Colorado , Connecticut , Florida , Idaho , Iowa , Kansas , Louisiana , Massachusetts , Michigan , Minnesota , Mississippi , Missouri , Montana , Nebraska , Nevada , New Mexico , New York , North Carolina , North Dakota , Oklahoma , Oregon , South Dakota , Texas , Washington , Wisconsin , and Wyoming .
Bandon State Natural Area is a state park in the U.S . state of Oregon .
Menahga is a city in Wadena County in the U.S . state of Minnesota The population was 1,306 at the 2010 census .
Madison County is a county located in the U.S . state of New York .
Clinton County is a county located in the U.S . state of Ohio .
Alabama is typical of most southern states in its pattern , although there are a few interesting deviations .
The U.S . state of New York is to the north
The government of the U.S . State of Oklahoma , established by the Oklahoma Constitution , is a republican democracy modeled after the federal government of the United States .
In 2000 , as Florida's 6th and the nation's 53rd most populous county , Pinellas has a population greater than that of the individual states of Wyoming , Montana , Delaware , South Dakota , Alaska , North Dakota , and Vermont , as well as the District of Columbia .
Its full distribution consists of the Canadian province of Ontario and the following US states : Alaska , Arkansas , Florida , Georgia , Illinois , Indiana , Kentucky , Louisiana , Michigan , Missouri , Mississippi , North Carolina , Ohio , South Carolina , Texas and Virginia .
Connecticut is divided among five congressional districts from which citizens elect the state's representatives to the United States House of Representatives .
The Constitution of Indiana is the highest body of state law in the U.S . state of Indiana .
Louisiana is bordered by Arkansas to the north , Mississippi to the east , the Gulf of Mexico to the south , and the state of Texas to the west .
Washington County is a county located in the northwest part of the U.S . state of Arkansas .
The general election was held in the U.S . state of Arizona on November 8 , 2016 , as part of the 2016 General Election .
While these names generally referred to the entire Upper Mississippi River watershed , French colonial settlement was concentrated along the Mississippi and Illinois Rivers in what is now the U.S . states of Illinois and Missouri , with outposts in Indiana .
The state of Louisiana has 21 state parks , which are governed by the Office of Lieutenant Governor , a division of the Louisiana Department of Culture , Recreation and Tourism .
Wind power has a long history in the state of California , with the initiative and early development occurring during Governor Jerry Brown's first two terms in the late 1970s and early 1980s .
Several U.S . states , including California , Illinois , and New York , use this style .
The following is a list of state forests in the U.S . state of Michigan .
The following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to South Dakota : South Dakota – state located in the Midwestern region of the United States .
The Tendoy Mountains are a small mountain range northwest of Lima in Beaverhead County in the U.S . state of Montana .
Lake Itasca , the official source of the Mississippi River and a scenic area of northern Minnesota , has remained relatively unchanged from its natural state .
All of these censuses were conducted before Alaska became a U.S . state .
Holmes County State Park is a state park in the U.S . state of Mississippi located off U.S . Route 51 approximately south of Durant .
Olallie Butte is a steep - sided shield volcano in the Cascade Range of the northern part of the U.S . state of Oregon .
Colorado Territory was admitted to the US as the 38th state , Colorado .
Since its admission to statehood in 1812 , Louisiana has participated in every U.S . presidential election except the election of 1864 , during the American Civil War .
Originally organized as the Department of Alaska , the area was renamed the District of Alaska and the Alaska Territory before becoming the modern state of Alaska upon being admitted to the Union as a state in 1959 .
Since its admission to statehood in 1864 , Nevada has participated in every U.S . presidential election .
The natural environment of Virginia encompasses the physical geography and biology of the U.S . state of Virginia .
Old Harbor Airport is a state owned , public use airport located two nautical miles ( 4 km ) northeast of the central business district of Old Harbor , a city in the Kodiak Island Borough in the U.S . state of Alaska .
Technically the voters of Connecticut cast their ballots for electors : representatives to the Electoral College .
The following is an alphabetical list of articles related to the U.S . state of Ohio .
Polk County is a county located in the northwestern part of the U.S . state of Georgia .
A Minnesota state park is an area of land in the U.S . state of Minnesota preserved by the state for its natural , historic , or other resources .
Warner is a town in Clark County in the U.S . state of Wisconsin .
Custer National Forest is located primarily in the south central part of the U.S . state of Montana but also has separate sections in northwestern South Dakota .
In the United States , it can be found in the states of Arizona , Colorado , Connecticut , Maine , New Hampshire , New Mexico , North Carolina and Wyoming .
Clinton County is a county in the state of New York , in the United States .
Ascension Parish ( ) is a parish located in the U.S . state of Louisiana .
Currently , as in most states , California's votes in the electoral college are distributed in a winner - take - all manner ; whichever presidential candidate wins the state's popular vote wins all 55 of the state's electoral votes .
Arizona , New Mexico , Nevada , Colorado , and Utah are typically considered to be part of the Southwest , though Texas and Oklahoma are frequently considered part of the Southwest as well .
This is a list of the state symbols of the U.S . state of Wisconsin .
More than half the population of the state of Illinois lives in the Chicago metropolitan area .
Tables showing membership in the Illinois federal House delegation throughout history of statehood in the United States .
The Illinois Territory originally included lands that became the states of Illinois , Wisconsin , the eastern portion of Minnesota , and the western portion of the upper peninsula of Michigan .
After the completion of the Mexican – American War , in 1848 , California , along with most of the western states , was added to the United States , first as a territory , but later as a state on September 9 , 1850 .
Lake Okeechobee is the largest freshwater lake in the U.S . state of Florida .
The Bay checkerspot ( " Euphydryas editha bayensis " ) is a butterfly endemic to the San Francisco Bay region of the U.S . state of California .
The U.S . state of Alaska is divided into 19 organized boroughs and one Unorganized Borough .
Table of United States congressional district boundary maps in the State of Maine , presented chronologically .
It primarily serves Monroe county in the U.S . state of Florida .
On December 10 , 1817 , the division was finalized when the western portion was admitted to the Union as Mississippi , the 20th state .
California , the nation's most populous state , has the fifth largest African - American population , only behind New York , Texas , Georgia , and Florida .
Point Barrow or Nuvuk is a headland on the Arctic coast in the U.S . state of Alaska , northeast of Utqiagvik .
Settled areas are now part of the Mid - Atlantic states of New York , New Jersey , Connecticut , Delaware and Pennsylvania .
The Republic was quickly annexed by the United States , and the present - day Florida Parishes were incorporated into the Territory of Orleans , which joined the Union as the State of Louisiana in 1812 .
Since its admission to statehood in 1818 , Illinois has participated in every U.S . presidential election .
Nemaha County ( standard abbreviation : NM ) is a county located in the northeastern part of the U.S . state of Kansas .
Jackson County is a county in the U.S . state of Oregon .
The 1868 United States presidential election in Georgia took place on November 3 , 1868 , as part of the wider United States Presidential election .
The U.S . state of Colorado is divided into 64 counties .
Since its admission to statehood in 1890 , Idaho has participated in every U.S . presidential election .
Lafayette County is a county in the U.S . state of Mississippi .
According to the U.S . Census Bureau , as of 2015 , the state of Oklahoma has an estimated population of 3,911,338 , which is an increase of 159,987 or 4.26 % since the year 2010 .
Palo Pinto County is a county located in the U.S . state of Texas .
Its current range is within the states of Virginia , North Carolina , South Carolina , and Georgia , and it was historically also found in Pennsylvania and Maryland .
The wilderness is located within the Shawnee National Forest in southwestern Jackson County and northwestern Union County is the U.S . state of Illinois .
These overseas departments have the same political status as metropolitan departments and are integral parts of France , ( similar to the way in which Hawaii is a state and an integral part of the United States ) , yet they also have specific cultural and linguistic traditions which set them apart .
Green Island is a small 17 - acre ( 0.07 km ² ) island of the U.S . state of Ohio , in Lake Erie .
California is the 3rd largest state in the United States in area , after Alaska and Texas .
Fayette County is a county located in the north central portion of the U.S . state of Georgia .
Marion County is a county located in the U.S . state of Mississippi .
The 2012 United States presidential election in Maine took place on November 6 , 2012 , as part of the 2012 General Election in which all 50 states plus The District of Columbia participated .
Albany County ( ) is a county in the U.S . state of Wyoming .
The Miss Washington USA competition is the pageant that selects the representative for the state of Washington in the Miss USA pageant .
Tokeen Seaplane Base is a public use seaplane base located in Tokeen , in the Prince of Wales - Hyder Census Area in the U.S . state of Alaska .
This is a list of state parks and other facilities managed by the State Parks and Recreation Department of the U.S . state of Oregon .
The State of Alabama comprises 67 counties . The State of Alaska comprises 19 organized boroughs and 1 unorganized borough , the latter divided into 10 unorganized census areas .
Harrisia ( applecactus and moonlight cactus ) is a genus of night blooming cacti native to Argentina , Paraguay , Brazil , Bolivia , Uruguay , the Greater Antilles , the Bahamas , and the U.S . state of Florida .
Maryland is divided into eight congressional districts , each represented by a member of the United States House of Representatives .
Southwestern New Mexico is a region of the U.S . state of New Mexico commonly defined by Hidalgo County , Grant County , Catron County , Luna County , Doña Ana County , Sierra County , and Socorro County .
Long Island is an island located just off the northeast coast of the United States and a region wholly within both the U.S . state of New York and the New York City metropolitan area .
The Washington - 4 Representative District is a two - member state Representative district in the U.S . state of Vermont .
This is a List of National Historic Landmarks in Maryland .
H . B . Van Duzer Forest State Scenic Corridor is a scenic driving route along Route 18 in Lincoln , Tillamook , and Polk counties in the U.S . state of Oregon that passes through a forested corridor .
The Constitution of the State of Colorado is the foundation of the laws and government of the U.S . state of Colorado .
In 1912 when Arizona became the final mainland state , the American Frontier came to an end .
Mississippi is a state located in the Southern United States .
This is a list of area codes in the state of Florida .
New York offered the greatest exception , having a strong , unitary governor with veto and appointment power elected to a three - year term , and eligible for reelection to an indefinite number of terms thereafter .
Brown Island is a small , private island in Friday Harbor on San Juan Island , San Juan County , Washington , United States .
According to the 2011 census Baramulla district has a population of 1,015,503 roughly equal to the nation of Cyprus or the US state of Montana .
Big Talbot Island State Park is a state park in Florida , United States .
The Ochoco National Forest is located in Central Oregon in the United States , north and east of the city of Prineville , location of the national forest headquarters .
San Marcos is a city in the North County region of San Diego County in the U.S . state of California .
On December 1 , 2009 , the Office of Management and Budget defined 1067 statistical areas for the United States , including 2 combined statistical areas , 6 metropolitan statistical areas , and 13 micropolitan statistical areas in the State of Oregon .
Eliza Island is located in the western part of Bellingham Bay in the U.S . state of Washington .
New York has 62 counties , which are subdivided into 932 towns and 62 cities ; it also has 10 Indian reservations .
Herkimer County is in central New York State , northwest of Albany , and east of Syracuse .
Idaho's 2nd congressional district is one of two congressional districts in the U.S . state of Idaho , in the eastern portion of the state .
It recognized the Rio Grande as the southern boundary of Texas and ceded what is now the states of California , Nevada , Utah , Colorado , Arizona , and New Mexico to the United States , while also paying Mexico $ 15,000,000 for the territory .
Orleans County is a county in the western part of the U.S . state of New York .
Montana is the northernmost of the western Mountain States .
The North Maine Woods is the northern geographic area of the state of Maine in the United States .
The state of Georgia is divided into 159 counties ( the largest number of any state other than Texas ) , each of which has had home rule since at least 1980 .
St . George Island is one of the Pribilof Islands of the state of Alaska , United States , in the Bering Sea off the western coast of the state .
In North America , it is found in Alaska , the Canadian provinces of British Columbia , North West Territories , Yukon , Saskatchewan Alberta , Manitoba and Ontario , and in a small part of the contiguous United States ( in the states of Minnesota and Wisconsin ) .
Many politicians and lawyers from the state of Ohio have served in senior positions in the executive , legislative and judicial branches of the United States federal government .
The U.S . state of Idaho current has 32 wildlife management areas , all managed by the Idaho Department of Fish and Game .
Livingston County is a county in the U.S . state of New York .
The Governor of Colorado is the chief executive of the U.S . state of Colorado .
Only two states , Missouri ( Platte Purchase ) and Nevada , grew appreciably after statehood .
Washington County is a county located in the eastern portion of the U.S . state of Missouri .
If it were an independent country , California would rank 34th in population in the world .
In the U.S . state of Mississippi , U.S . Routes are maintained by the Mississippi Department of Transportation ( MDOT ) .
Brown County ( county code BR ) is a county located in the northeast portion of the U.S . state of Kansas .
Today , at , Oregon is the ninth largest and , with a population of 4 million , 27th most populous U.S . state .
There are currently 16 U.S . Routes - 14 mainline routes and two official special routes - that exist entirely or partially in New York .
According to the 2011 census Bhavnagar district has a population of 2,880,365 , roughly equal to the nation of Jamaica or the US state of Kansas .
Mississippi Territory was admitted to the US as the 20th state , Mississippi .
Some varieties can also tolerate marine climates and are cultivated as far north as Cornwall in England , Perthshire in Scotland , Washington state in the United States , and Vancouver Island in Canada .
Kansas is a state located in the Midwestern United States .
The earliest known quadripoint involving modern nation states existed from 1817 to 1821 where the present Alabama – Mississippi state line crossed the 31st parallel border between Spain and the United States .
The demographics of Georgia are inclusive of the ninth most populous state in the United States , with over 9.68 million people ( 2010 census ) , just over 3 % of America's population .
Following is a table of United States presidential elections in New Jersey , ordered by year .
The U.S . state of Washington is home to a number of public and private ferry systems , most notably the state - run Washington State Ferries .
There are 35 named glaciers in Oregon according to the Geographic Names Information System ( GNIS ) .
Cherni Island is an island in the U.S . state of Alaska that lies 12 miles ( 20 km ) south of Deer Island , about half way between it and the Sanak Islands .
Burlington is the most populous city in the U.S . state of Vermont and the seat of Chittenden County .
In the State of Hawaii , Ben Cayetano ( " 68 ) , became the first Filipino American to be elected Governor of a U.S state .
Charlotte ( ) is the most populous city in the U.S . state of North Carolina .
Most recently on December 1 , 2009 , the Office of Management and Budget defined 1067 statistical areas for the United States , including one metropolitan statistical area and three micropolitan statistical areas in the State of Hawaii .
Mississippi County is a county located in the U.S . state of Arkansas .
Despite home proclamations and bureaucratic reorganizations that recognized California now as a U.S . state , the U.S . Congress and President Zachary Taylor had in fact not even signed authorization of statehood for California .
New England is a region of the United States located in the northeastern corner of the country , bounded by the Atlantic Ocean , Canada and the state of New York , consisting of the modern states of Maine , New Hampshire , Vermont , Massachusetts , Rhode Island , and Connecticut .
Maine is divided into 2 congressional districts , each represented by an elected member of the United States House of Representatives .
Montana is a state in the Western United States .
Nassau County ( or ) is a county in the U.S . state of New York .
US 12 in Montana has been defined as the Lewis and Clark Highway , despite not being the route followed by Lewis and Clark across the state .
It included all of what today is the state of Wisconsin , as well as parts of Minnesota and Michigan .
This is a list of National Park System areas in New York . New York has 24 areas included in the United States " National Park Service ( NPS ) system .
The Chittenden - 6 - 3 Representative District is a one - member state Representative district in the U.S . state of Vermont .
The St . Johns River ( ) is the longest river in the U.S . state of Florida and its most significant one for commercial and recreational use .
This is a list of mountains in the U.S . state of Maryland .
The Livingston Range is a mountain range located primarily in Glacier National Park in the U.S . state of Montana , and in the extreme southeastern section of the Canadian province of British Columbia .
In Washington , for example , the Shoreline Management Act defines the upland edge of this area to be behind the shoreline .
The mountains in the U.S . state of Oregon include :
Five referendums were held in Maine , United States on November 8 , 2016 alongside state and national elections .
The National Natural Landmarks in Colorado include 15 of the almost 600 National Natural Landmarks ( NNLs ) in the United States ; fourteen fully within Colorado and one shared with Wyoming .
Utah is a state in the western United States .
The Vermont Republic , which included land claimed by New York and New Hampshire and , while unrecognized by the United States , was a " de facto " independent country , was admitted to the US as the 14th state , Vermont .
Settled areas are now part of the Mid - Atlantic states of New York , New Jersey , Delaware , and southwestern Connecticut .
Sumner County ( standard abbreviation : SU ) is a county located in the U.S . state of Kansas .
The following is a list of federal , state , and local elections in the U.S . state of Maryland and can refer to one of the following elections :
The Rutland - 5 - 2 Representative District is a one - member state Representative district in the U.S . state of Vermont .
St . Bernard Parish ( ; ) is a parish located in the U.S . state of Louisiana .
There are 29 counties in the U.S . state of Utah .
Illinois is a state located in the Midwestern United States .
The Twin Rivers State Forest is in the US state of Florida .
The Oregon Islands provides wilderness protection to 1,853 small islands , rocks , and reefs plus two headlands , totaling spanning of Oregon's coastline from the Oregon – California border to Tillamook Head .
The Windsor - 5 Representative District is a one - member state Representative district in the U.S . state of Vermont .
Sika deer have been introduced into a number of other countries , including Estonia , Latvia , Lithuania , Austria , Belgium , Denmark , France , Germany , Ireland , Netherlands , Norway , Switzerland , Russia , Romania , New Zealand , Australia , the Philippines ( Jolo Island ) , Poland , Sweden , Finland , Canada , the United Kingdom , and the United States ( Maryland , Oklahoma , Nebraska , Pennsylvania , Wisconsin , Virginia , Indiana , Michigan , Minnesota , Maine , Wyoming , Washington , and Kansas ) .
Lake County is a county located in the U.S . state of Montana .
Missouri was admitted to the Union on August 10 , 1821 .
The 2000 United States presidential election in Wyoming took place on November 7 , 2000 , and was part of the 2000 United States presidential election .
This is a list of Native American place names in the U.S . state of Virginia .
Cheyenne ( or ) is the capital and most populous city of the U.S . state of Wyoming and the county seat of Laramie County .
This is a list of wild forests in the state of New York .
It is classed as an invasive species in parts of the U.S . , and is found primarily in the U.S . states of California , Texas , Louisiana , and Florida . "
Anderson Island is the southernmost island in Puget Sound and a census - designated place of Pierce County , Washington , United States .
1 ) for it to be admitted as a state of the United States ( with a vote of Congress in the same way that Alaska and Hawaii were admitted in 1958 and 1959 respectively ) .
The U.S . state of Delaware has 20 wildlife and conservation areas , as of 2015 .
The largest of these is Washington Island , in Door County , Wisconsin .
James Island is one of the San Juan Islands in San Juan County , Washington , United States .
The park is also home to North Carolina's largest known population of green salamanders .
Most of the alignment of modern US 44 in Connecticut was at one time part of an early network of turnpikes in the state during the 19th century .
New York State Route 438 is the primary route through the reservation .
Atlas of Oregon Wildlife .
The Georgia General Assembly is the state legislature of the U.S . state of Georgia .
Wichita County ( standard abbreviation : WH ) is a county located in the U.S . state of Kansas .
The recent and current politics of the U.S . state of California are complex and involve a number of entrenched interests . " (
Kootenai County ( ) is a county located in the U.S . state of Idaho .
King Salmon is a census - designated place ( CDP ) in Bristol Bay Borough in the U.S . state of Alaska .
New Miami is a village in St . Clair Township , located in central Butler County in the southwestern part of the U.S . state of Ohio .
Bureau County is a county located in the U.S . state of Illinois .
Clark County is a county located in the south - central part of the U.S . state of Arkansas .
Cumberland County is a county located in the U.S . state of Illinois .
The United States Census Bureau estimates that the population of Illinois was 12,802,023 in 2017 , moving from the fifth - largest state to the sixth - largest state ( losing out to Pennsylvania ) .
New England is a geographical region comprising six states of the northeastern United States : Maine , Vermont , New Hampshire , Massachusetts , Rhode Island , and Connecticut .
S . 611 would require the Secretary of Agriculture to transfer certain lands in the Sandia Mountain Wilderness and Cibola National Forest in New Mexico to the United States Department of the Interior to be held in trust for the Pueblo of Sandia .
Oregon County is a county located in the southern portion of the U.S . state of Missouri .
The American state of Alaska does not include counties , instead being divided into 19 boroughs and 10 census divisions .
Following is a table of United States presidential elections in North Carolina , ordered by year .
This is a list of airports in Hawaii ( a U.S . state ) , grouped by type and sorted by location .
The history of Washington includes thousands of years of Native American history before Europeans and Americans arrived and began to establish territorial claims .
According to the 2011 census Bongaigaon district has a population of 732,639 , roughly equal to the nation of Guyana or the US state of Alaska .
Lake George , nicknamed the " Queen of American Lakes " , is a long , narrow oligotrophic lake located at the southeast base of the Adirondack Mountains , in the northeastern portion of the U.S . state of New York .
Based on per capita income , one of the more reliable measures of affluence , Tumwater ranks 89th of 522 areas in the state of Washington to be ranked .
Cincinnati ( ) is a major city in the U.S . state of Ohio and is the government seat of Hamilton County .
Kansas was won by incumbent President George H.W . Bush ( R - Texas ) with 38.88 % of the popular vote over Governor Bill Clinton ( D - Arkansas ) with 33.74 % .
The following is a list of state symbols of the U.S . state of Mississippi , as defined by state statutes .
The Washington - 3 - 3 Representative District is a one member state Representative district in the U.S . state of Vermont .
Cook County is a county in the U.S . state of Illinois .
The following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to infrastructure of the U.S . state of Washington .
There are sites in six of the seven coastal counties of Oregon .
Northeast Ohio refers to the northeastern region of the U.S . state of Ohio .
Washington ratified its constitution and held its first state elections in 1889 , the year it was admitted to the union as a state .
New Auburn is a village in Barron and Chippewa counties in the U.S . state of Wisconsin .
Dixie County is a county located in the U.S . state of Florida .
The Mantua Bog State Nature Preserve ( or Mantua Swamp ) is a protected wetland in Mantua Township , Portage County in the U.S . state of Ohio .
Acadia National Park is an American national park located in the state of Maine , southwest of Bar Harbor .
In 1889 , Washington became the 42nd state of the United States .
Polk County is a county in the U.S . state of Wisconsin .
" Dīrigō " ( Latin " I direct " or " I lead " ) is the state motto of Maine , having once been the only state to hold its elections in September . (
The Oregon Constitution is the governing document of the U.S . state of Oregon , originally enacted in 1857 .
Skamania County is a county located in the U.S . state of Washington .
It is known from Canada ( Québec and Nova Scotia ) and the United States ( Illinois , Kentucky , New York , Maine , Maryland , Michigan , Vermont , Arizona , Massachusetts , North Carolina and Connecticut ) .
Chautauqua , also Chautaugua or Chatauqua , is an unincorporated community in Montgomery and Warren counties in the U.S . state of Ohio .
Lewis County is a county located in the U.S . state of Kentucky .
In California , all counties except the City and County of San Francisco have unincorporated areas .
Adams County is a county in the U.S . state of Iowa .
Adoption of the " state " constitution actually preceded California's Admission to the Union on September 9 , 1850 by almost ten months .
Escambia County is the westernmost and oldest county in the U.S . state of Florida .
Key Largo is a census - designated place in Monroe County , Florida , United States , located on the island of Key Largo in the upper Florida Keys .
It passes through 14 states : Georgia , North Carolina , Tennessee , Virginia , West Virginia , Maryland , Pennsylvania , New Jersey , New York , Connecticut , Massachusetts , Vermont , New Hampshire , and Maine .
The U.S . victory resulted in acquisition of territory that eventually became all or parts of the states of California , Nevada , Utah , Colorado , Arizona , Wyoming and New Mexico .
Tables showing membership in the Connecticut federal House delegation throughout history of statehood in the United States .
The region is nearly three times the size of the Coastal Lowlands , covering in Washington and in Oregon .
Helena National Forest is located in west - central Montana , in the United States .
The Nooksack ( ; Nooksack : " Noxwsʼáʔaq " ) are a federally recognized Native American people in northwestern Washington state in the United States .
Brown County is a county located in the U.S . state of Minnesota .
The United States continues to recognize 1803 as the date when Ohio became a state , President Thomas Jefferson having signed , on February 19 , 1803 , an act of Congress that approved Ohio's boundaries and proposed state constitution .
The state's oceanic coastline is about long , the fourth longest in the U.S . after the coastlines of Alaska , Florida , and California .
Jefferson Davis Parish ( ) is a parish located in the U.S . state of Louisiana .
Schoharie County ( ) is a county in the U.S . state of New York .
Following is a table of United States presidential elections in Wisconsin , ordered by year .
New York has many state parks and two major forest preserves .
Bogoslof Wilderness is a wilderness area in the U.S . state of Alaska .
With 2.7 million residents , it is the most populous city in both the U.S . state of Illinois and the American Midwest .
This is a list of municipalities in Connecticut in order of population from greatest to least .
Dukakis carried Washington state with 50.05 percent of the vote to Bush’s 48.46 percent , a margin of 1.59 % .
Although federal property can be found in every state , the largest concentrations are in the west , where , for example , the federal government owns over eighty percent of the land within Nevada .
With a population of 18.8 million according to the 2010 census , Florida is the most populous state in the Southeastern United States , and the second - most populous state in the South behind Texas .
The government of this tribe was established in 1848 by a Constitutional Convention of Seneca Indians residing on the Allegany and Cattaraugus Territories in present - day New York .
The following is an alphabetical list of articles related to the U.S . state of Delaware .
Shawnee State Forest , also known as " Ohio's Little Smokies " , is a state forest in the U.S . state of Ohio .
The Hawaii State Judiciary is the official name of the judicial system of Hawaii in the United States .
Therefore , the Viceroyalty's former territories included what is now the countries of Mexico , Guatemala , El Salvador , Honduras , Nicaragua , Belize , Costa Rica ; the United States regions of California , Texas , New Mexico , Arizona , Puerto Rico , Guam , Northern Mariana Islands , Nevada , Utah , Colorado , Wyoming , Florida ; a portion of the Canadian province of British Columbia ; the Caribbean nations of Cuba , the Dominican Republic , the island of Hispaniola , Jamaica , Antigua and Barbuda ; the Asia - Pacific nations of the Philippine Islands , Palau and Caroline Islands .
Using the Census Bureaus definition of the northeast , the region includes nine states : they are Maine , New York , New Jersey , Vermont , Massachusetts , Rhode Island , Connecticut , New Hampshire , and Pennsylvania .
The Apalachicola River is a river , approximately 112 mi ( 180 km ) long in the State of Florida .
This is a list of regions of Arizona , in the USA .
Northwestern Illinois borders the states of Iowa to the west and Wisconsin to the north .
The first person in Oregon to hold the title of governor was George Abernethy , a prominent businessman .
New York's Forest Preserve , comprises almost all the lands owned by the state of New York within the Adirondack and Catskill parks .
483.35 US 5 runs through three states , Connecticut , Massachusetts , and Vermont , with the latter containing over half of US 5 " s total distance .
Mississippi ( ) is a state located in the southeastern region of the United States .
Kansas is a U.S . state in the Midwestern United States .
Hillary Clinton won the election in Connecticut with 54.5 % of the vote , a reduced margin from President Obama’s 58.06 % in 2012 .
It spanned all or large parts of six eventual U.S . States ( Ohio , Indiana , Illinois , Michigan , Wisconsin , and the northeastern part of Minnesota ) .
The Mark O . Hatfield Wilderness is a wilderness area located on the northern side of Mount Hood in the northwestern Cascades of the U.S . state of Oregon , near the Columbia River Gorge and within Mount Hood National Forest .
These are lists of Oregon - related topics , attempting to list every list related to the state of Oregon .
The Pine Island State Forest is a Minnesota state forest located primarily in Koochiching County , although there are portions that extend into Beltrami , Lake of the Woods , and Itasca counties .
The history of the U.S . state of Minnesota is shaped by its original Native American residents , European exploration and settlement , and the emergence of industries made possible by the state's natural resources .
Louisiana became a U.S . state on April 30 , 1812 .
This is a list of state forests in South Carolina . !
The 2000 United States presidential election in Idaho took place on November 7 , 2000 , as part of the 2000 United States presidential election .
Kodiak Island Borough is a borough in the U.S . state of Alaska .
It now has become naturalized southward into the far northern United States border states like Montana , Minnesota , Wisconsin , Michigan , Vermont , New Hampshire and Maine ; there is also an isolated population in the Black Hills of South Dakota and Wyoming .
The place name Eureka in the U.S . state of Alaska may refer to :
The 1960 state total for Maine that appears in various Census materials ( 969,265 ) likewise reflects the original 1960 total for Aroostook County , and does not take into account the revision made to the population of Stockholm .
Goldenrod is a census - designated place ( CDP ) in Orange and Seminole counties in the U.S . state of Florida .
The following is a list of the Executive agencies of the State of New Hampshire .
Clinton County is a county located in the U.S . state of Kentucky .
Greenport West is a census - designated place ( CDP ) in Suffolk County , New York , United States .
Rhode Island conducted censuses in 1708 , 1730 , 1748 , 1755 , 1774 , 1776 or 1777 , 1782 , 1865 , 1875 , 1885 , 1905 , 1915 , 1925 , and 1935 .
Palmer is a city in and the borough seat of the Matanuska - Susitna Borough in the U.S . state of Alaska .
According to the 2011 census Ballia district has a population of 3,223,642 , roughly equal to the nation of Mauritania or the US state of Iowa .
Oneida County is a county in the state of Wisconsin , United States .
Malecite – Passamaquoddy ( also known as Maliseet – Passamaquoddy ) is an endangered Algonquian language spoken by the Maliseet and Passamaquoddy peoples along both sides of the border between Maine in the United States and New Brunswick , Canada .
Following is a table of United States presidential elections in Tennessee , ordered by year .
Nome Airport is a state owned , public use airport located two nautical miles ( 4 km ) west of the central business district of Nome , a city in the Nome Census Area of the U.S . state of Alaska .
The Territory of Florida joined the Union as the 27th state on March 3 , 1845 .
The Maryland Scenic Byways system consists of nineteen byways that pass through scenic and historic areas across the U.S . state of Maryland , with four of them designated as National Scenic Byways and two of them designated as All - American Roads .
Arkansas County is a county located in the U.S . state of Arkansas .
The terms and over 1,000 duties of the office are defined by Sections 114 , 118 , 132 , and 134 of the Alabama Constitution and throughout The Code of Alabama .
Wyoming has 32 named islands , in which the majority of those are located in Jackson Lake and Yellowstone Lake within Yellowstone National Park in the northwest portion of the state .
Alaska and Hawaii were admitted as states during the 86th Congress .
Note A : There are now 62 counties in New York ( state ) .
The region is the most sparsely populated but is also the geographically largest , in New York .
Logan County is a county in the U.S . state of Ohio .
The Republic of Madawaska occupied what is now the northwest corner of New Brunswick , and lies partially in Quebec and the American state of Maine .
Fallon County is a county located in the U.S . state of Montana .
State Route 308 ( SR 308 ) is a state highway in the U.S . state of Washington , serving the community of Keyport in Kitsap County .
Port Washington is a town in Ozaukee County in the U.S . state of Wisconsin .
Geography of Mississippi Demographics of Mississippi Government of Mississippi Government of Mississippi Courts of Mississippi Law of Mississippi History of Mississippi Culture of Mississippi Sports in Mississippi Economy of Mississippi Education in Mississippi
Natchaug State Forest is a Connecticut state forest located in six towns including Ashford , Chaplin , and Eastford .
It is found in the US state of Texas as well as in Nuevo León and Tamaulipas in México . "
Missouri is a state located in the Midwestern United States .
Table of United States congressional district boundary maps in the State of Washington , presented chronologically .
The North American green toad , Anaxyrus debilis , also known by its old name Bufo debilis , is a species of toad found in the southwestern United States in the states of Arizona , New Mexico , Colorado , Kansas , and Texas , as well as in northern Mexico in the states of Tamaulipas , San Luis Potosí , Durango , and Zacatecas .
It is bordered by Minnesota to the west , Iowa to the southwest , Illinois to the south , Lake Michigan to the east , Upper Michigan to the northeast , and Lake Superior to the north .
The following is a list of the forty - nine legislative districts in the U.S . state of Washington following the 2012 redistricting .
Jackson County is a county located in the U.S . state of Mississippi .
The 2000 United States presidential election in Kansas took place on November 7 , 2000 , and was part of the 2000 United States presidential election .
The Inland North is centered on the area on the U.S . side of the Great Lakes , most prominently including central and western New York State ( including Syracuse , Binghamton , Rochester , and Buffalo ) , much of Michigan's Lower Peninsula ( Detroit , Grand Rapids ) , Toledo , Cleveland , Chicago , Gary , and southeastern Wisconsin ( Milwaukee , Racine , Kenosha ) , but broken up by the city of Erie , whose accent today is non - Inland Northern and even Midland - like .
Cass County is a county located in the U.S . state of Illinois .
Regardless of the uncertainty over Ohio's exact admittance date ( see " States admitted , above " ) its two Senators were not elected until the next Congress .
The Ottawa National Forest is a national forest that covers in the Upper Peninsula of the U.S . state of Michigan .
Voters in Oregon have a strong penchant for advancing the protection of civil liberties and individual freedoms , liberal values that have given Democrats a big edge in the state in recent years .
As of 2009 , Arizona had a population of 6.343 million , which is an increase of 213,311 , or 3.6 % , from the prior year and an increase of 1,035,686 , or 20.2 % , since the year 2000 .
Monroe is a town in Orange County , New York , United States .
Alaska does not have counties , unlike every other American state except Louisiana . (
Oregon is a state located in the Western United States that is divided into 36 counties and contains 135 census designated - places ( CDPs ) .
North Platte National Wildlife Refuge is located in the U.S . state of Nebraska and includes 5,047 acres ( 20.42 km ) .
Torrance County is a county located in the center of the U.S . state of New Mexico .
The state of New Jersey in the United States owns and administers over of land designated as " Wildlife Management Areas " ( abbreviated as " WMA " ) throughout the state .
In 1800 , the Indiana Territory was created , and most of the current state Michigan lay within it , with only the easternmost parts of the state remaining in the Northwest Territory .
As of the United States 2010 Census , the total population of all four counties of Long Island was 7,568,304 , which was 39 % of the population of the State of New York .
There are three types of incorporated municipalities in Vermont : towns , cities and villages .
Navajo is an Athabaskan language of the Na - Dené family , with 178,000 speakers , primarily in the states of Arizona , New Mexico , and Utah .
Minnesota is a state located in the Midwestern United States .
It is located in the Smoky Hills region of the U.S . state of Kansas .
California is a unique place that has not always been well understood .
In the U.S . state of Alaska , Outside refers to any non - Alaska location , most often referring to other U.S . states .
The 2012 United States presidential election in Vermont took place on November 6 , 2012 , as part of the 2012 General Election in which all 50 states plus the District of Columbia participated .
Michigan was admitted to the Union on January 26 , 1837 .
The United States Census Bureau estimates that the population of Oklahoma was 3,911,338 on July 1 , 2015 , a 4.26 % increase since the 2010 United States Census .
Ada County is a county in the southwestern part of the U.S . state of Idaho .
Following is a table of United States presidential elections in Minnesota , ordered by year .
It is native to the West Indies of North America , where it found in The Bahamas , Belize , Cuba , the Mexican states of Quintana Roo and Yucatan , and the U.S . state of Florida .
With Texas and Florida having been admitted to the union as slave states in 1845 , California was entered as a free state in 1850 after its state convention unanimously voted to ban slavery .
Whatcom County is a county located in the U.S . state of Washington .
Since its admission to statehood in 1790 , Rhode Island has participated in every U.S . presidential election .
This is a comprehensive listing of all the bird species recorded in Everglades National Park , which is in the U.S . state of Florida .
In the U.S . state of New York , the territory of " Akwesasne " coincides with what is called the federally recognized St . Regis Mohawk Reservation .
Washingtonville is a village in Columbiana and Mahoning counties in the U.S . state of Ohio .
Harrison County is a county located in the U.S . state of Mississippi .
Johns Island , also spelled John's Island , is an island in Charleston County , South Carolina , United States , and is the largest island in the state of South Carolina .
During the early 17th century , the Oneidas occupied and maintained roughly 6 million acres of land in what is modern day central New York State .
It is the largest county by area in Idaho .
This is a list of state symbols for the U.S . state of Georgia
The Maine Legislature is the state legislature of the U.S . state of Maine .
Whitley County is a county in the U.S . state of Kentucky .
For example , in 1948 the National Geographic Society defined the American Southwest as all of California , Nevada , Utah , Arizona , Colorado , and New Mexico , and the southernmost sections of Oregon , Idaho , and Wyoming , as well as parts of southwest Nebraska , western Kansas , Oklahoma , and Texas .
The 2012 United States presidential election in Louisiana took place on November 6 , 2012 , as part of the 2012 General Election in which all 50 states plus The District of Columbia participated .
Okanogan County is a county located in the U.S . state of Washington along the Canada – US border .
Myles Standish State Forest is state forest located in the towns of Plymouth and Carver in southeastern Massachusetts , approximately 45 miles ( 70 km ) south of Boston .
Despite being slotted into the same region by the Census Bureau , the Pacific and Mountain divisions are vastly different from one another in many vital respects , most notably in the arena of politics ; while nearly all of the Mountain states are regarded as being conservative " red states , " four out of five of the Pacific states ( all except Alaska ) are clearly counted among the liberal " blue states . "
Minnesota is currently divided into 8 congressional districts , each represented by a member of the United States House of Representatives .
In contrast , the constitution of the U.S . state of Alabama has been amended over 800 times since 1901 .
In Florida , the convention is made up of 67 members .
St . George Airport is a state owned , public use airport located four nautical miles ( 5 mi , 7 km ) of the central business district of St . George , a city on St . George Island in the Aleutians West Census Area of the U.S . state of Alaska .
Thus the whole area of the present state of Alabama was taken under the jurisdiction of the United States .
The U.S . state of Vermont currently has one congressional district , whose Representative in the United States House of Representatives is elected statewide at - Large .
Being in the state of New York , Brunswick is represented in the United States Senate by Chuck Schumer ( D ) and Kirsten Gillibrand ( D ) .
Nevada has some mountains in the north , but a majority of the state is rangeland and desert , being that most of the state resides within the Great Basin .
These are tables of congressional delegations from Illinois to the United States House of Representatives and the United States Senate .
In the United States , in can specifically be found in the states of California , Iowa , Illinois , Indiana , Massachusetts , Maryland , Michigan , Minnesota , Missouri , North Dakota , Nebraska , New Mexico , Ohio , Oklahoma , Pennsylvania , South Dakota , Tennessee , Texas , Virginia , Wisconsin and Wyoming .
Boise National Forest is a National Forest covering of the U.S . state of Idaho .
It is one of the few forests in Connecticut where hunting is prohibited .
Columbus County is a county located in the U.S . state of North Carolina .
Palmetto ( established 1853 ) is a city located mostly in Fulton County ( originally Campbell County ) and now partly in Coweta County in the U.S . state of Georgia .
North Carolina ratified the Constitution on November 21 , 1789 , after the beginning of the 1st Congress .
Cloud County ( county code CD ) is a county located in the U.S . state of Kansas .
Des Moines ( ) is the capital and the most populous city in the U.S . state of Iowa .
The 2016 United States House of Representatives elections in Oregon were held on November 8 , 2016 , to elect the five U.S . Representatives from the State of Oregon , one from each of the state's 5 congressional districts .
It is the only county in Washington not to have state highways , although the ferry routes serving the islands are designated as part of the state highway system .
Lea County is a county located in the U.S . state of New Mexico .
It is known in many other parts of the world as an introduced species , including regions in Africa , India , Indonesia , Australia , Florida in the United States , and many Pacific Islands .
The 1996 United States presidential election in Massachusetts took place on November 5 , 1996 , as part of the 1996 United States presidential election .
Wabasha County is a county located in the U.S . state of Minnesota .
Monroe County is a county located in the U.S . state of Illinois .
Washington County is a county located in the U.S . state of North Carolina .
The Boise meridian governs land surveys in the state of Idaho .
Washington has not voted for a Republican senator , governor , or presidential candidate since 1994 - tying Delaware for the longest streak in the country .
Glacier County is located in the U.S . state of Montana .
As of 2014 , Michigan has four State - recognized tribes .
The Banks – Vernonia State Trail is a paved rail trail and state park in northwest Oregon in the United States .
Elijah Bristow State Park is a state park in the U.S . state of Oregon , administered by the Oregon Parks and Recreation Department .
Concord ( ) is the capital city of the U.S . state of New Hampshire and the county seat of Merrimack County .
San Juan County is a county in the U.S . state of New Mexico .
Mexico ; and the U.S . ( in the states of Florida , Georgia , and South Carolina ) .
When established , the territory encompassed an area that included the current states of Oregon , Washington , and Idaho , as well as parts of Wyoming and Montana .
New England is in the Northeastern United States , and comprises six states : Connecticut , Maine , Massachusetts , New Hampshire , Rhode Island , and Vermont .
Sullivan County is a county in the U.S . state of New York .
Nome ( ; ) is a city in the Nome Census Area in the Unorganized Borough of the U.S . state of Alaska .
The census was not conducted in Vermont until 1791 , after that state's admission to the Union as the 14th state on March 4 of that year .
In 1781 , during the American Revolutionary War ( 1775 – 1783 ) , Maryland became the thirteenth state of the United States to ratify the Articles of Confederation and Perpetual Union .
The following is a timeline of the history of the area which today comprises the U.S . state of Arizona .
The Alaska Legislature is the state legislature of the U.S . state of Alaska .
Mississippi is the most religious state in the country , with 63 % of its adult population described as very religious , saying that religion is important to them and attending religious services almost every week , while New Hampshire , with only 20 % of its adult population described as very religious , is the least religious state .
North Carolina ratified the United States Constitution on November 23 , 1789 .
The lake is shared by the Canadian province of Ontario to the north , the U.S . state of Minnesota to the west , and Wisconsin and the Upper Peninsula of Michigan to the south .
Unlike official language laws in many other states , the statute in Illinois is purely symbolic , having the same status as laws naming state symbols like the state bird and state fossil .
These are Alaska , Delaware , Montana , North Dakota , South Dakota , Vermont , and Wyoming .
The table below lists the 24 Washington sites ( including one that spans the Washington - Oregon state line ) that are currently designated as National Historic Landmarks , along with descriptions and other details .
In 1946 , the United Nations listed Hawaii as a non - self - governing territory under the administration of the United States ( Resolution 55 ( I ) of 1946 - 12 - 14 ) .
It is one of the 108 one or two member districts into which the state was divided by the redistricting and reapportionment plan developed by the Vermont General Assembly following the 2000 U.S . Census .
The following are shall - issue states : Alabama , Alaska , Arizona , Arkansas , Colorado , District of Columbia , Florida , Georgia , Idaho , Illinois , Indiana , Iowa , Kansas , Kentucky , Louisiana , Maine , Michigan , Minnesota , Mississippi , Missouri , Montana , Nebraska , Nevada , New Hampshire , New Mexico , North Carolina , North Dakota , Ohio , Oklahoma , Oregon , Pennsylvania , Rhode Island ( for permits issued by local authorities ) , South Carolina , South Dakota , Tennessee , Texas , Utah , Virginia , Washington , West Virginia , Wisconsin , and Wyoming .
Houston County is a county located in the U.S . state of Minnesota .
Geobotanically , Missouri belongs to the North American Atlantic Region , and spans all three floristic provinces that make up the region : the state transitions from the decidiuous forest of the Appalachian Province to the grasslands of the North American Prairies Province in the west and northwest , and the northward extension of the Mississippi embayment places the bootheel in the Atlantic and Gulf Coastal Plain Province .
Harris County is a county located in the west - central portion of the U.S . state of Georgia ; its western border is formed by the Chattahoochee River .
In 1803 , most of modern Kansas was secured by the United States as part of the Louisiana Purchase .
Climate change in the US state of Washington is a subject of study and projection today . "
It is bordered to the west by the province of Ontario and the bodies of water James Bay and Hudson Bay ; to the north by Hudson Strait and Ungava Bay ; to the east by the Gulf of Saint Lawrence and the province of Newfoundland and Labrador ; and to the south by the province of New Brunswick and the U.S . states of Maine , New Hampshire , Vermont , and New York .
Communities Counties and Townships Lakes and Rivers Protected areas Names from fiction The following are state , county , townships , cities , towns , villages and major city neighborhoods of Minnesota with placenames of indigenous origin in the Americas .
The following is an alphabetical list of articles related to the U.S . state of Minnesota .
This list of Nevada state parks comprises protected areas managed by the U.S . state of Nevada , which include state parks , state historic sites , and state recreation areas .
" Elysia chlorotica " can be found along the east coast of the United States , including the states of Massachusetts , Connecticut , New York , New Jersey , Maryland , Florida ( east Florida and west Florida ) and Texas .
Otsego County is in central New York State , to the west of Albany , southeast of Utica , and northeast of Binghamton .
The Nebraska panhandle roughly encompasses the area in Nebraska between 102 ° and 104 ° W longitude and 41 ° and 43 ° N latitude .
Whitman County is a county located in the U.S . state of Washington .
This is a list of towns in Connecticut .
The Pat Bayle State Forest is a state forest located near the town of Grand Marais in Cook County , Minnesota .
Several major rivers run through the state of Georgia .
The Stikine River ( Tlingit : Shtax'héen ) is a river , historically also the Stickeen River , approximately 610 km ( 379 mi ) long , in northwestern British Columbia in Canada and in southeast Alaska in the United States .
Larsen Bay Airport is a state owned , public use airport located in Larsen Bay , a city in the Kodiak Island Borough of the U.S . state of Alaska .
Claiborne County is a county located in the U.S . state of Mississippi .
The Kodiak Archipelago is an archipelago , or group of islands , south of the main land mass of the state of Alaska ( United States ) , about by air south of Anchorage in the Gulf of Alaska .
Other exclaves of this type include the U.S . state of Alaska , parts of Minnesota such as the Northwest Angle and Elm Point , Minnesota .
It is native to western Canada ( Yukon , British Columbia , Alberta , Saskatchewan , Manitoba ) and the United States ( Alaska and mountains of the western United States , primarily the Rockies , as far south as Arizona and New Mexico ) " Erigeron caespitosus " is a perennial herb up to 30 cm ( 12 inches ) tall , forming clumps over a taproot and usually covered with stiff hairs .
Lieutenant Governor of Idaho is a constitutional statewide elected office in the U.S . state of Idaho . According to the Idaho Constitution , the lieutenant governor is elected to a four - year term .
Carroll County is a county located in the state of Ohio .
The species is sparingly naturalized in parts of the United States ( Illinois , Kentucky , Virginia , and North and South Carolina ) and also in southeastern Europe ( Italy , Greece , the Czech Republic , Slovakia , Hungary , Ukraine and the Balkans ) . "
The administration of laws and regulations relating to begging in the state of New York is largely performed by each of the 62 cities of the state .
The state with the highest percentage of land held by the federal government is Nevada ( 79.6 % ) ; the states with the lowest percentage of land held by the federal government are Connecticut and Iowa ( 0.3 % ) .
Custer County is a county located in the U.S . state of Montana .
The current oldest living U.S . state governor is John M . Patterson ( born September 27 , 1921 , aged 97 ) , Governor of Alabama from 1959 to 1963 .
Great Florida Birding and Wildlife Trail ( GFBWT ) is a 2,000 mile ( 3200 km ) long collection of more than 500 locations in the U.S . state of Florida where the state's bird habitats are protected .
Tioga County is a county in the U.S . state of New York .
The Governor of Alaska is the chief executive of the U.S . state of Alaska .
This area , identified with the current states of Colorado , Arizona , New Mexico , Utah , and Nevada in the western United States , and the states of Sonora and Chihuahua in northern Mexico , has seen successive prehistoric cultural traditions since approximately 12,000 years ago .
Ventura County is a county in the southern part of the U.S . state of California .
The range of the northern caracara extends as far north as the states of Arizona , Texas , and Florida in the United States .
On November 4 , 2008 , the U.S . state of Oregon held statewide general elections for three statewide offices ( secretary of state , treasurer , and attorney general ) , both houses of the Oregon Legislative Assembly , and twelve state ballot measures .
The 2000 United States presidential election in Colorado took place on November 7 , 2000 , and was part of the 2000 United States presidential election .
The following is an alphabetical list of articles related to the U.S . State of New York .
Ellsworth County ( county code EW ) is a county located in the U.S . state of Kansas .
It was one of the original thirteen states that founded the U.S . Geography of New Hampshire Demographics of New Hampshire Politics of New Hampshire Government of New Hampshire Courts of New Hampshire Law of New Hampshire Local government in New Hampshire History of New Hampshire Culture of New Hampshire Sports in New Hampshire Economy of New Hampshire Education in New Hampshire
San Bernardino County , officially the County of San Bernardino , is a county located in the southern portion of the U.S . state of California .
All U.S . governors serve four - year terms except those in New Hampshire and Vermont , who serve two - year terms .
In Pennsylvania , US 522 runs from the Maryland state line near Warfordsburg north to its northern terminus at US 11 and US 15 in Selinsgrove .
Ohio was admitted as a state during the 7th Congress .
Situated between the Great Plains and the Ozark Plateau in the Gulf of Mexico watershed , Oklahoma tends to slope gradually downward from its western to eastern boundaries .
Deposits of vanadinite are found worldwide including Austria , Spain , Scotland , the Ural Mountains , South Africa , Namibia , Morocco , Argentina , Mexico , and 4 states of the United States : Arizona , Colorado , New Mexico , and South Dakota .
Outside of the Chicago Public High School League , the Northwest Upstate Illini Conference is the largest conference in the state of Illinois .
Santa Fe County ( ) is a county in the U.S . state of New Mexico .
Earthquakes cause damage every few to several years in California .
This is a list of some of the mountains in the U.S . state of Massachusetts , including those in the mountain range known as the Berkshires .
The Texas Coastal Bend , or just the Coastal Bend , is a geographical region in the US state of Texas .
Saint Paul ( abbreviated St . Paul ) is the capital and second - most populous city of the U.S . state of Minnesota .
They are an unincorporated area of Monroe County , Florida and belong to the Lower Keys Census County Division .
Following cession of the area from Mexico to the United States in the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo that ended the Mexican – American War , California's original constitution was drafted in both English and Spanish by delegates elected on August 1 , 1849 , to represent all communities home to non - indigenous citizens ( Mexican citizens resident in California had become U.S . citizens by proclamation , but indigenous residents were not yet U.S . citizens ) .
Ouachita National Forest is located in 13 counties in western and central Arkansas and 2 counties in southeastern Oklahoma .
It is primarily native to Mexico , Central America , the West Indies , and the US State of Florida .
The 2018 United States House of Representatives elections in Oregon were held on Tuesday , November 6 , 2018 , to elect the five U.S . Representatives from the U.S . state of Oregon ; one from each of the state's five congressional districts .
Since its admission to statehood in 1817 , Mississippi has participated in every U.S . presidential election except the election of 1864 , during the American Civil War , when the state had seceded to join the Confederacy , and the election of 1868 , when the state was undergoing Reconstruction .
Illinois is a Democratic stronghold in presidential elections and one of the three largest Democratic states alongside California and New York .
The 2014 United States House of Representatives elections in New York were held on Tuesday , November 4 , 2014 to elect the 27 U.S . Representatives from the state of New York , one from each of the state's 27 congressional districts .
It is also found in North America , including Massachusetts and Minnesota in the United States .
Monroe County is a county in the western portion of the state of New York , in the United States .
The Rutland - 5 - 3 Representative District is a one - member state Representative district in the U.S . state of Vermont .
Hawaii held its first gubernatorial election on achieving statehood .
It is native to western North America , where it is present primarily west of the Cascade Range in both Canada ( British Columbia including Vancouver Island ) and the United States ( Washington , Oregon , and California including the Channel Islands ) .
Generally , the debate has primarily surrounded the legal status of Alaska relative to the United States of America . Alaska is considered to be a state of the United States of America .
Grant County is a county located in the U.S . state of New Mexico .
This is a list of state agencies in Nebraska .
Vermont Route 100 ( VT 100 ) is a north – south state highway in Vermont in the United States .
The following works deal with the cultural , political , economic , military , biographical and geologic history of pre - territorial Idaho , Idaho Territory and the State of Idaho .
According to the 2011 census Agra district has a population of 4,380,793 , roughly equal to the nation of Moldova or the US state of Kentucky .
Caribou County is a county located in the U.S . state of Idaho .
The Pecatonica Wetlands Forest Preserve is a park located on the Pecatonica River in western Winnebago County in the U.S . state of Illinois .
Greene County is a county located in the U.S . state of Illinois .
The Secretary of State of New Mexico is one of the elected constitutional officers of the U.S . state of New Mexico .
Following is a table of United States presidential elections in Nebraska , ordered by year .
Before the Republic of Texas joined the United States in 1845 , it " claimed " a good deal of land that had never been under the " de facto " control of the Texan government – Texan attempts to exercise control of these territories as a sovereign state ( most famously , the Santa Fe expedition ) had ended in disaster .
Sound Beach , established in 1929 , is a hamlet and census - designated place ( CDP ) in the north part of the Town of Brookhaven in Suffolk County , New York , United States .
Solgohachia ( pronounced saw - guh - HATCH - ee [ 1 ] ) is an unincorporated community in Conway County , Arkansas , United States , about 10 miles ( 16 km ) north of Morrilton on state highway 9 and Highway 287 .
In the early 1980s , the estimated total population was 100,000 individuals , with 110,000 – 115,000 by 1992 ; the U.S . state with the largest resident population is Alaska , with about 40,000 – 50,000 , with the next highest population the Canadian province of British Columbia with 20,000 – 30,000 in 1992 .
North Carolina is a state located in the Southern United States .
The Washington State Legislature is the state legislature of the U.S . state of Washington .
Tennessee was admitted as a state during the 4th Congress .
Stanfold is a town in Barron County in the U.S . state of Wisconsin .
According to the 2011 census Satna District has a population of 2,228,619 , roughly equal to the nation of Latvia or the US state of New Mexico .
Buccaneer State Park is a state park in the U.S . state of Mississippi .
Fayette County is a county of the U.S . state of Pennsylvania .
All redistricting events that took place in Oregon between 1973 and 2013 are shown .
The state of Minnesota is home to 25 of these landmarks , illustrating the state's Native American , industrial , logging , mining , military , and political heritage , as well as its contributions to the broader themes of developing the frontier for the European pioneers .
Port Washington North is a village in Nassau County , New York , United States .
Barnegat Bay is a small brackish arm of the Atlantic Ocean , approximately 42 miles ( 67.2 km ) long , along the coast of Ocean County , New Jersey in the United States .
Norwalk is a U.S . city located in southwestern Connecticut , in southern Fairfield County , on the northern shore of Long Island Sound .
Custer is a village in Mason County of the U.S . state of Michigan .
Carroll County is a county located in the U.S . state of Maryland .
Pickaway County is a county located in the U.S . state of Ohio .
Louisiana's 2nd congressional district is a congressional district in the U.S . state of Louisiana .
County - equivalents , such as boroughs and census areas in Alaska , are included in this list .
Fernandina Beach is a city in Nassau County , Florida , United States , on Amelia Island .
The Carolinas are the U.S . states of North Carolina and South Carolina , considered collectively .
Big Island Lake Wilderness is a remote protected area in the Munising Ranger District of the Hiawatha National Forest in the Upper Peninsula in the state of Michigan in the United States .
The wilderness area is located entirely within the state of Georgia , even though small parts of Okefenokee National Wildlife Refuge and Okefenokee Swamp both extend southward into the state of Florida .
The division contains five states : Illinois , Indiana , Michigan , Ohio , and Wisconsin .
As the state of Texas hosts more bird species than any other in the U.S . the trail system offers some of the most unusual opportunities for bird - watching in the world .
This is a list of Native American place names in the U.S . state of New Jersey .
Pike County is a county of the U.S . state of Alabama .
The Constitution of the State of Illinois is the governing document of the state of Illinois .
The U.S . state of Delaware is divided by only three counties : New Castle , Kent , and Sussex , the fewest of any state in the United States .
In New York the board is under the auspices of the state's Office of Parks , Recreation and Historic Preservation .
Island County is a county located in the U.S . state of Washington .
Sedgwick County ( county code : SG ) is a county located in the U.S . state of Kansas .
She was succeeded by First Gentleman Kevin Reynolds , the first man to hold the position in Iowa's history .
Since its admission to statehood in 1876 , Colorado has participated in every U.S . presidential election .
Upon the admission of the State of Oregon to the union in 1859 , the eastern portions of the Oregon Territory , including southern Idaho , portions of Wyoming west of the continental divide ( then Nebraska Territory ) , and a small portion of present - day Ravalli County , Montana were annexed to the Washington Territory .
Oregon was admitted to the Union on February 14 , 1859 .
Alabama became a state of the United States of America on December 14 , 1819 .
Florida is nicknamed the " Sunshine State " due to its warm climate and days of sunshine , which have attracted northern migrants and vacationers since the 1920s .
The State Highways of Washington in the U.S . state of Washington comprise a network of over of state highways , including all Interstate and U.S . Highways that pass through the state , maintained by the Washington State Department of Transportation ( WSDOT ) .
The Ohio Constitution is the basic governing document of the State of Ohio , which in 1803 became the 17th state to join the United States of America .
Le Sueur County is a county in the U.S . state of Minnesota .
Jefferson County is a county located in the U.S . state of Oklahoma .
Oneida County is a county located in the state of New York , in the United States .
The Luna moth is found in North America , from east of the Great Plains in the United States – Florida to Maine , and from Saskatchewan eastward through central Quebec to Nova Scotia in Canada .
Miami County is a county located in the U.S . state of Indiana . ,
This is a list of companies based in Idaho .
There are 38 units in the refuge system in California , including both wildlife refuges and wildlife management areas , divided into 9 different regional areas .
On 3 January 1959 Alaska became the 49th U.S . State .
Greene County is a county located in the U.S . state of Mississippi .
The Rutland - 1 - 2 Representative District is a two - member state Representative district in the U.S . state of Vermont .
On May 26 , 1790 , Congress passed an act organizing the new cession as the " Territory of the United States South of the River Ohio , " which consisted of modern Tennessee , with the exception of later minor boundary changes .
This is a list of airports in Illinois ( a U.S . state ) , grouped by type and sorted by location .
In the U.S . state of New York , US 4 extends from an intersection with US 9 and US 20 in East Greenbush to the Vermont state line northeast of Whitehall .
Located on the Boise River in southwestern Idaho , the population of Boise at the 2010 Census was 205,671 , the 99th largest in the United States .
Oklahoma is the 20th most extensive and the 28th most populous of the 50 United States .
Maryland is the richest state in the United States of America , with a median household income of $ 69,272 according to the 2010 census .
Hatzalah organizations now function in Argentina , Australia , Austria , Belgium , Brazil , Canada , Israel , Mexico , Panama , Russia , South Africa , Switzerland , United Kingdom , Ukraine , and in 10 states in the US : California , Connecticut , Florida , Illinois , Maryland , New Jersey , New York , Pennsylvania and Michigan .
Maine alone constitutes nearly one - half of the total area of New England , yet is only the 39th - largest state , slightly smaller than Indiana .
The 2014 United States House of Representatives elections in New Mexico were held on Tuesday , November 4 , 2014 to elect the three U.S . Representatives from the state of New Mexico , one from each of the state's three congressional districts .
Lake Washington County Park is a park in Le Sueur County in the U.S . state of Minnesota .
This list of ecoregions in Arkansas provides an overview of ecoregions in the U.S . state of Arkansas designated by the U.S . Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) and the Commission for Environmental Cooperation ( CEC ) .
Atascosa County is a county located in the U.S . state of Texas .
Alaska was admitted to the Union on 3 January 1959 as the 49th state .
Although unsuccessful , the convention paved the way for the creation of the U.S . state of Oklahoma .
Black Creek Wilderness is a wilderness area in the U.S . state of Mississippi .
Osceola County is a county located in the U.S . state of Michigan .
As of the 2016 presidential election , California was the 2nd most democratic state behind Hawaii .
The 1944 United States presidential election in Mississippi took place on November 7 , 1944 , as part of the 1944 United States presidential election .
Colorado is divided into 7 congressional districts , each represented by a member of the United States House of Representatives .
The 1996 United States presidential election in Oregon took place on November 5 , 1996 , as part of the 1996 United States presidential election .
The following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to South Carolina : South Carolina – state in the Southeastern United States on the Atlantic coast .
Utica ( ) is a city in the Mohawk Valley and the county seat of Oneida County , New York , United States .
After Oregon's admission to the Union as the 33rd state by act of Congress on February 14 , 1859 , this district was dissolved and replaced by Oregon's At - large congressional district .
Chittenden County ( ) is the most populous county in the U.S . state of Vermont .
After the passage of the Enabling Act of 1889 , Washington became the 42nd state in the United States on November 11 , 1889 .
Massachusetts is the 7th smallest state in the United States with an area of .
French is recognized as a cultural language in the American states of Louisiana and Maine , in which the state governments officially promote and support French - language education and its use in government services and commerce and is a " de facto " official language , but it is not " de jure " official .
Jefferson County is a county located in the U.S . state of Pennsylvania .
It corresponded to present - day Illinois , Indiana , northeastern Minnesota , and Wisconsin , as well as the western half of the Lower Peninsula of Michigan and all but the eastern tip of the Upper Peninsula .
Bayfield County is a county located in the U.S . state of Wisconsin .
Vermont is a state located in the New England region of the northeastern United States .
Otero County is one of the 64 counties of the U.S . state of Colorado .
New York State Route 11B ( NY 11B ) is a state highway in northern New York in the United States .
The Miss Nevada USA competition is the pageant that selects the representative for the state of Nevada in the Miss USA pageant .
California , Florida and Hawaii are the only states to have a known distribution of the species .
Counting territorial waters , Alaska is larger than the combined area of the next three largest states : Texas , California , and Montana .
This area represents approximately 37 % of the current land area of the state of Michigan .
Glacier Bay Wilderness is a wilderness area in Glacier Bay National Park and Preserve in the U.S . state of Alaska .
New York State Route 29 ( NY 29 ) is a state highway extending for across the eastern portion of the U.S . state of New York .
Bush's 60.87 % of the popular vote made it his fifth strongest state in the 1988 election after Utah , New Hampshire , Idaho and South Carolina .
This is a Timeline of pre - statehood Montana history comprising substantial events in the history of the area that would become the State of Montana prior to November 8 , 1889 .
Clay County is a county located in the U.S . state of Florida .
This is a list of law enforcement agencies in the U.S . state of Idaho .
However , the power rests with the legislature to change or adjust the apportionment during the interim and in 1845 , the tradition in Ohio of reapportioning following the decennial census was broken .
The region covers in southwestern Washington and in northwestern Oregon , inland from the coast .
Benjamin Jerome Cayetano ( born November 14 , 1939 ) is an American politician and author who served as the fifth governor of the State of Hawaii from 1994 to 2002 .
Louisiana's 6th congressional district is a congressional district in the U.S . state of Louisiana .
State Route 39 ( SR 39 ) is a state highway that travels south - to - north through portions of Seminole , Miller , Early , Clay , Quitman , and Stewart counties in the southwestern part of the U.S . state of Georgia .
To the north , the disputed Dixon Entrance separates Haida Gwaii from the Alexander Archipelago in the U.S . state of Alaska .
Maine is both the northernmost and easternmost portion of New England .
From List of National Natural Landmarks , these are the eight National Natural Landmarks in Connecticut .
Unlike most states , Alaska is divided into boroughs and census areas that serve as county - equivalents for the Census Bureau .
The 1968 United States presidential election in Oregon took place on November 5 , 1968 , as part of the 1968 United States presidential election .
On November 16 , 1907 , Oklahoma became the 46th state to enter the union .
The American Redoubt is a political migration movement , first proposed in 2011 by survivalist novelist and blogger James Wesley Rawles , which designates three states in the northwestern United States ( Idaho , Montana , Wyoming ) , and adjoining portions of two other states ( eastern Oregon , and eastern Washington ) as a safe haven for conservative , libertarian - leaning Christians and Jews .
The Panhandle is bordered by the state of Washington to the west , Montana to the east , and the Canadian province of British Columbia to the north .
For instance , large areas of land are made up of everything from sand dunes in the Central Basin and Range ecoregion , which makes up much of the State of Nevada , to the ecology of the North Cascades in Washington State , which has the largest concentration of active alpine glaciers in the Lower 48 " s .
Carroll County is a county located in the U.S . state of Missouri .
In 1845 , the United States finally decided to annex Texas and include it as a state in the Union .
At 94 degrees 36 minutes west longitude , Kaw Point was the basis for the state of Missouri's western border from Iowa to Arkansas when it became a state in 1821 . (
Table of United States congressional district boundary maps in the State of Arizona , presented chronologically .
Carley State Park is a state park of Minnesota , USA , about northeast of Rochester and about south of Plainview in Wabasha County .
When counties were established in the Province of New York in 1683 , the present Monroe County was part of Albany County .
Meade County ( standard abbreviation : ME ) is a county located in the U.S . state of Kansas .
The Windham – Bennington – Windsor - 1 Representative District is a one - member state Representative district in the U.S . state of Vermont .
There are 67 state parks , nine state recreation areas , nine state waysides , and 23 state trails in the Minnesota state park system , totaling approximately .
The history of human activity on Santa Catalina Island , California begins with the Native Americans who called the island " Pimugna " or " Pimu " and referred to themselves as " Pimugnans " or " Pimuvit " .
This is a list of lakes in the state of New York in the United States .
Thorne Bay Seaplane Base is a state - owned public - use seaplane base serving Thorne Bay , a community in the Prince of Wales - Hyder Census Area of the U.S . state of Alaska .
State Route 9 ( SR 9 ) is one of the longest state highways in the U.S . state of Alabama .
The following table lists Louisiana's metropolitan areas , ranked by population as of February 1 , 2013 .
U.S . Route 40 Scenic is a scenic route of U.S . Route 40 in the U.S . state of Maryland .
Following is a table of United States presidential elections in Kentucky , ordered by year .
Seven New England states were studied : Maine , Vermont , New Hampshire , Massachusetts , Connecticut , Rhode Island and New York .
Osceola County ( , ) is a county located in the U.S . state of Florida .
The State of Alabama comprises 67 counties .
Although at one time at least half of all states appointed such commissioners , currently the only states whose statutes authorize such appointment are the states of Colorado , Florida , Kentucky , Maine , Mississippi , Missouri , New Hampshire , New Jersey , New York , Rhode Island , South Dakota , Texas , Virginia , West Virginia , and Wisconsin .
Hartford is a city in Van Buren County in the U.S . state of Michigan .
Calamagrostis purpurascens " is native from arctic Greenland , to much of Canada ( Alberta , British Columbia , Manitoba , Newfoundland , Northwest Territories , Nunavut , Ontario , Quebec , Saskatchewan , and Yukon Territory ) and the western and northern U.S . ( Alaska , California , Colorado , Idaho , Minnesota , Montana , Nevada , New Mexico , Oregon , South Dakota , Utah , Washington , and Wyoming ) .
Pompey is a town in the southeast part of Onondaga County , New York , United States .
Orange County is a county located in the U.S . state of New York .
The following page lists all power stations in the U.S . state of Washington .
Park County is a county located in the U.S . state of Montana .
It is native to South America ( Argentina , Chile , Bolivia , Paraguay , Brazil , Uruguay ) and naturalized in parts of North America ( for example in the south - central United States ( Texas , Louisiana , etc . ) ) . "
In Minnesota , Alaska , New York and Tennessee , the heads of statewide cabinet - level departments are called " commissioners " .
The land area of the Angle is separated from the rest of Minnesota by Lake of the Woods , but shares a land border with Canada .
In addition to Northerners , the job markets in North Carolina's three largest metropolitan regions - Charlotte , Raleigh - Durham and the Greensboro – Winston - Salem – High Point Piedmont Triad - have also attracted large and growing Latino and Asian American immigration and migration .
The Alaska Maritime National Wildlife Refuge ( often shortened to Alaska Maritime or AMNWR ) is a United States National Wildlife Refuge comprising 2,400 islands , headlands , rocks , islets , spires and reefs in Alaska , with a total area of , of which is wilderness .
The following is an alphabetical list of articles related to the U.S . state of Wyoming .
According to the 2011 census Bharuch district has a population of 1,550,822 , roughly equal to the nation of Gabon or the US state of Hawaii .
St . Martin Island is located off the Garden Peninsula in Delta County in the U.S . state of Michigan .
Grundy County is a county located in the U.S . state of Missouri .
According to the 2011 census , North East Delhi had a population of 2,241,624 , roughly equal to the nation of Latvia , or the United States state of New Mexico .
Onondaga County ( ) is a county in the U.S . state of New York .
Humboldt County is a county in the U.S . state of Iowa .
The Southern Tier is the counties of New York west of the Catskill Mountains along the northern border of Pennsylvania .
Since its admission to statehood in 1787 , Delaware has participated in every U.S . presidential election .
Orleans County is a county in the northeastern part of the U.S . state of Vermont .
Monroe County is a county located in the U.S . state of Georgia .
F.D . Roosevelt State Park is Georgia's largest state park .
Nezz Purse " ) is a county located in the U.S . state of Idaho .
With 39.5 million residents , California is the most populous U.S . state and the third - largest by area .
Religion in the state of Oregon is unique in the United States , with its population ranking among the highest of religiously unaffiliated adults in the entire nation .
It is found in U.S.A . , within the states of Michigan , Wisconsin , and , infrequently in Ohio .
The U.S . state of Vermont holds its state general elections on the first Tuesday after the first Monday in November ( better known as Election Day ) in even - numbered years .
These , in decreasing order of population , are the eight largest cities in Greater Cleveland of ( 2010 ) : According to the 2010 United States Census , the population was 2.077 million in the five - county MSA of the Greater Cleveland Area , making it the largest metropolitan - statistical area entirely within the state of Ohio .
According to the United States Board on Geographic Names , there are at least 109 named mountain ranges and sub - ranges in Wyoming . Wyoming is a state in the mountain region of the Western United States .
The metropolitan area is located in the Southern Tier of New York State and lies on Pennsylvania's northern border , approximately 66 miles ( 110 km ) south of Syracuse , New York .
Hawaii , formerly the Kingdom of Hawaii ( 1795 – 1893 ) , Republic of Hawaii ( 1894 – 98 ) , and then Territory of Hawaii ( 1898 – 1959 ) became the 50th U.S . State on 21 August 1959 .
Wichita is the largest city in the US state of Kansas and the principal city of the Wichita Metropolitan Area .
Afghanistan , Algeria , Antarctica , Argentina , Armenia , Australia , Brazil , Bulgaria , Canada ( British Columbia ) , Chile , Colombia ( Yuruma Formation , La Guajira , Macanal Formation , Eastern Ranges ) , Egypt , France , Germany , Greenland , Hungary , Italy , Lebanon , Mexico , the Netherlands , New Zealand , Papua New Guinea , Peru , Portugal , Serbia and Montenegro , South Africa , Spain , Switzerland , Tanzania , Turkmenistan , Russian Federation , Ukraine , the United Kingdom , United States ( Arizona , California , Delaware , Mississippi , New Jersey , North Carolina , Tennessee , Texas ) , Venezuela , and Yemen .
This was a much larger area than the present Clinton County , including several other counties or county parts of the present New York state ( near Clunes ) .
Florida's 10th congressional district is an congressional district in the U.S . state of Florida .
Padilla Bay is bay located in the U.S . state of Washington , between the San Juan Islands and the mainland .
In 2015 , the state ranked 13th overall in population , and was the third most populous , after California and Texas , west of the Mississippi River . Washington has the largest Pacific Northwest population , followed by Oregon , then Idaho .
Hawaii was admitted to the Union on August 21 , 1959 , consisting of Hawaii Territory minus Palmyra Atoll .
Kenai Peninsula Borough is a borough of the U.S . state of Alaska .
In North America , the bee moth has been spotted in various states such as California , New York , Virginia , and Connecticut .
The following tables indicate the historic party affiliation of elected officials in the U.S . state of Wyoming including : * Governors , Secretaries of State , State Auditors , State Treasurers and Superintendents of Public Instruction .
Madison County is a county located in the U.S . state of North Carolina .
According to the 2011 census Jamui district has a population of 1,756,078 , roughly equal to the nation of The Gambia or the US state of Nebraska .
State Route 20 ( SR 20 ) , also known as the North Cascades Highway , is a state highway that traverses the U.S . state of Washington .
The first constitution was drafted on January 22 , 1812 , and Louisiana became a U.S . State on April 30 , 1812 .
Brown County is a county located in the U.S . state of Illinois .
North America from Alaska south to California and South Carolina .
The Addison - Rutland - 1 Representative District is a one member state Representative district in the U.S . state of Vermont .
In the United States , it has been found in Washington State in the Northwest as well as Wisconsin and the Northeast ( from Maine to Ohio ) .
Following is a table of United States presidential elections in Arizona , ordered by year .
Hillary Clinton won Maryland with 60.3 % of the vote .
Minnesota voters have not voted for a Republican candidate for president since 1972 , longer than any other state .
Clay County is a county located in the U.S . state of Mississippi .
Bridgeport is an unincorporated community in Bridgeport Charter Township , Saginaw County in the U.S . state of Michigan .
Although the Angle is listed as one of several distinct regions of Minnesota , its total population was 119 at the 2010 census .
Most recently on December 1 , 2009 , the Office of Management and Budget defined 1067 statistical areas for the United States , including two combined statistical areas , three metropolitan statistical areas , and ten micropolitan statistical areas in the State of Nebraska .
The Big River is a Big River on the Olympic Peninsula in the U.S . state of Washington .
As of 2005 , California is the state with the largest self - identified Native American population according to the U.S . Census at 696,600 .
For instance , in Michigan , the largest state recreation area , Waterloo Recreation Area is while the smallest state park is the Tri - Centennial State Park and Harbor .
California was ceded to the U.S . in 1848 , and was admitted as the 31st U.S . state on September 9 , 1850 .
The following is an alphabetical list of articles related to the U.S . state of Wisconsin .
Central Alabama is the region in the state of Alabama that stretches 170 miles ( 270 km ) from its western border with Mississippi to the eastern border with Georgia and 136 miles ( 219 km ) from the northern border of Cullman County to the Alabama River in southern Autauga County .
Gardiners Bay is a small arm of the Atlantic Ocean , approximately 10 mi ( 16 km ) long and 8 mi ( 13 km ) wide in the U.S . state of New York between the two flukelike peninsulas at the eastern end of Long Island .
Marshall County is a county of the U.S . state of Alabama .
This recent trend , beginning in the 1980s with the conversion of potato farms , has given the North Fork the distinction of being the most productive agricultural area in New York State .
Below is a chronological listing of the United States Senators from Idaho .
The Jackson , MS Metropolitan Statistical Area is a metropolitan area in the central region of the U.S . state of Mississippi that covers five counties : Copiah , Hinds , Madison , Rankin , and Simpson .
Yuma is located near the borders of California to the west and Mexico to the south , and just west of the Gila River's confluence with the Colorado .
The " S . eridania " is found in North America ( the southern US states as far west as Kansas and New Mexico ) , through the Caribbean and Central America into South America ( through Brazil to Argentina ) .
The 1996 United States presidential election in Vermont took place on November 7 , 1996 , as part of the 1996 United States presidential election .
Iris setosa " has a circum - arctic distribution ranging from coastal Aleutian islands , Alaska , ( including Knik Arm in Anchorage , ) and Maine in USA , within Canada ( including British Columbia , Newfoundland , Quebec , and the Yukon ) , within Russia ( including near to the lower Lena River , Siberia ) , northeastern Asia , China ( including Manchuria and east Jilin ) , Korea and southwards to Japan ( including Honshu and Hokkaido ) .
In the United States of America , the meridian 32 degrees west of the Washington Meridian defines the western boundaries of the State of Colorado and the State of New Mexico and the eastern boundaries of the State of Utah and the State of Arizona .
The Midwest Region consists of 57 park units in thirteen states : Ohio , Indiana , Illinois , Michigan , Wisconsin , Minnesota , Iowa , Missouri , Arkansas , Kansas , Nebraska , South Dakota , and North Dakota .
The state of Washington is the only state to be named after a United States president .
This is a list of mammal species found in the wild in the American State of Florida .
Catskill may refer to the following in the U.S . state of New York :
This act did not purport to admit the state , but declared that Ohio , by the formation of its constitution in pursuance of the act of April 30 , 1802 , " has become one of the United States of America . "
It is located in the U.S . state of Minnesota .
Kelleys Island is both a village in Erie County , Ohio , United States , and the island which it fully occupies in Lake Erie .
In the states of Alaska , Hawaii , and Utah , there is no secretary of state ; in those states many duties that a secretary of state might normally execute fall within the domain of the lieutenant governor .
When Oregon was granted statehood in 1859 , it received of grazing and forest lands from the Federal Government specifically to support public schools .
Greater New Haven is the metropolitan area whose extent includes those towns in the U.S . state of Connecticut that share an economic , social , political , and historical focus on the city of New Haven .
The following is a list of symbols of the U.S . state of West Virginia .
Jefferson County is a county located in the U.S . state of Tennessee .
The Delaware River's drainage basin has an area of and encompasses 42 counties and 838 municipalities in five U.S . states - New York , New Jersey , Pennsylvania , Maryland , and Delaware .
All redistricting events that took place in Nevada between 1983 and 2013 are shown .
In 2000 and 2005 , more people moved from New York to Florida than from any one state to another , contributing to New York becoming the U.S . " s fourth most populous state in 2015 , behind Florida , Texas , and California .
Afognak ( Alutiiq : " Agw’aneq " ; ) is an island north of Kodiak Island in the U.S . state of Alaska .
The Washington Supreme Court is the highest court in the judiciary of the US state of Washington .
In 1854 , the Kansas Territory was organized , then in 1861 Kansas became the 34th U.S . state .
Ashley is a village in Gratiot County in the U.S . state of Michigan .
The Governor of New Mexico ( ) is the chief executive of the state of New Mexico .
Common law is currently in practice in Ireland , most of the United Kingdom ( England and Wales and Northern Ireland ) , Australia , New Zealand , Bangladesh , India ( excluding Goa ) , Pakistan , South Africa , Canada ( excluding Quebec ) , Hong Kong , the United States ( on a state level excluding Louisiana ) , and many other places .
Georgia State Route 87 is a state highway that runs south - to - north through portions of Dodge , Bleckley , Twiggs , Bibb , Monroe , and Butts counties in the historic southern and central parts of the U.S . state of Georgia .
Scott County is a county in the U.S . state of Minnesota .
Covington County is a county located in the U.S . state of Mississippi .
The following is a list of symbols of the U.S . state of Wyoming .
Defiance County is a county located in the U.S . state of Ohio .
Since its admission to statehood in 1867 , Nebraska has participated in every U.S . presidential election .
The upland or " hill prairie " was once the dominant ecosystem for much of the land that became the U.S . state of Illinois , the " Prairie State " .
As Governor of Arkansas Bill Clinton explained in 1990 , " If you look back on the Sixties and think there was more good than bad , you're probably a Democrat .
The U.S . state of Utah has 26 official symbols , as designated by the Utah State Legislature , and three unofficial symbols .
List of rivers in Louisiana ( U.S . state ) .
Wyoming was admitted to the Union on July 10 , 1890 , and elects United States Senators to Class 1 and Class 2 .
In the U.S . state of Oregon , U.S . Route 30 , a major east – west U.S . Highway , runs from its western terminus in Astoria to the Idaho border east of Ontario .
Instead , the Indian Territory was incorporated into the new state of Oklahoma in 1907 .
Pike County is a county located in the west central portion of the U.S . state of Georgia .
Northern Illinois is a region generally covering the northern third of the U.S . state of Illinois .
Sangamon County is a county located in the center of the U.S . state of Illinois .
Alabama is 30th in size and borders four U.S . states : Mississippi , Tennessee , Georgia , and Florida .
When counties were established in New York State in 1683 , the present Washington County was part of Albany County .
Pierce County is a county in the U.S . state of Washington .
Onslow County is a county located in the U.S . state of North Carolina .
Prior to Senate ratification of both agreements , Idaho became a state .
The remainder of the Oregon Constitution outlines the divisions of power within the state government , times of elections , designating the state capitol , the state boundaries .
North Cascades National Park is located in portions of Whatcom , Skagit , and Chelan counties in the U.S . state of Washington .
The 1976 United States presidential election in Alabama took place on November 2 , 1976 , as part of the 1976 United States presidential election .
Pea Patch Island is a small island , approximately 1 mi ( 1.6 km ) long , in the U.S . state of Delaware , located in the mid channel of the Delaware River near its entrance into Delaware Bay .
Arizona is the 48th state and last of the contiguous states to be admitted to the Union , achieving statehood on February 14 , 1912 , coinciding with Valentine's Day .
Brunet Island State Park is a state park of Wisconsin , USA , featuring a island in the Chippewa River .
Douglas County is a county located in the U.S . state of Illinois .
The Puget Sound Convergence Zone ( PSCZ ) is a meteorological phenomenon that occurs over Puget Sound in the U.S . state of Washington .
This forest is headquartered in Montgomery , as are all four of Alabama's National Forests .
Boone County is a county located in the U.S . state of Illinois .
West Branch is a city in the U.S . state of Michigan .
" H . caespitosum " is an introduced species in North America and can be found in Canada ( British Columbia , Manitoba , New Brunswick , Newfoundland , Labrador , Nova Scotia , Ontario , Prince Edward Island , and Quebec ) and the United States ( Connecticut , Washington D.C . , Georgia , Idaho , Illinois , Indiana , Massachusetts , Maine , Michigan , Minnesota , Montana , North Carolina , New Hampshire , New Jersey , New York , Ohio , Oregon , Pennsylvania , Rhode Island , Tennessee , Virginia , Vermont , Washington , Wisconsin , West Virginia , and Wyoming ) .
The Blue Mountains are a mountain range in the western United States , located largely in northeastern Oregon and stretching into southeastern Washington .
Brooks Mountain is the highest peak in the York Mountains range on the Seward Peninsula in the U.S . state of Alaska .
Bay de Noc may refer to one of several places in the U.S . state of Michigan :
The Franklin - 1 Representative District is a two - member state Representative district in the U.S . state of Vermont .
The Franklin - 2 Representative District is a two - member state Representative district in the U.S . state of Vermont .
Currently , the sport has been played in the U.S . in the states of California , , ; Florida ; Illinois ; New York ; Oregon ; Pennsylvania ; and Washington ; and in Canada in the provinces of Ontario and Nova Scotia .
CoSA projects are also operational in several U.S . states ( Iowa , California , Minnesota , Oregon , Ohio , Colorado , Vermont ) as well as in several United Kingdom regions ( Cornwall , Devon , Hampshire , Thames Valley , Leicestershire , North Wales , North Yorkshire , and Manchester ) .
The list is dominated by just a few states : Alaska , Montana , and Texas together comprise about two - thirds of the entries .
LaSalle Parish ( French : " Paroisse de La Salle " ) is a parish located in the U.S . state of Louisiana .
Houston ( ) is the most populous city in the U.S . state of Texas and the fourth most populous city in the United States , with a census - estimated population of 2.312 million in 2017 .
The state of Colorado is a headwater state , which means that many rivers in the western and midwestern United States originate in Colorado .
From the electoral votes of the 50 states and the District of Columbia , Vice President Cheney declared 365 electoral votes for both Barack Obama of the state of Illinois and Joseph Biden of the state of Delaware and 173 electoral votes for both John McCain of the state of Arizona and Sarah Palin of the state of Alaska .
In the context of the U.S . state of Maryland , Maryland 222 may refer to :
North Central Florida is a region of the Southern U.S . state of Florida which comprises the north - central part of the state and encompasses the Gainesville Metropolitan Statistical Area ( Alachua and Gilchrist counties ) , and the North Florida counties of Bradford , Columbia , Hamilton , Lafayette , Madison , Marion , Putnam , Suwannee and Union .
Adams County is a county in the U.S . state of Ohio .
Most recently on December 1 , 2009 , the Office of Management and Budget defined 1067 statistical areas for the United States , including 7 combined statistical areas , 8 metropolitan statistical areas , and 17 micropolitan statistical areas in the State of Louisiana .
The California State Legislature is the state legislature of the U.S . state of California .
It is ranked as the fourth longest and fourth largest island in the contiguous United States , behind Long Island , New York ; Padre Island , Texas ( the world's longest barrier island ) ; and Isle Royale , Michigan .
There are approximately 186 named glaciers in Washington according to the Geographic Names Information System ( GNIS ) .
Formed upon the merger of the Wallowa and Whitman national forests in 1954 , it is located in the northeastern corner of the state , in Wallowa , Baker , Union , Grant , and Umatilla counties in Oregon , and includes small areas in Nez Perce and Idaho counties in Idaho .
On Tyler's last full day in office , March 3 , 1845 , Florida was admitted to the Union as the 27th state .
Togiak Airport is a state - owned , public - use airport located in Togiak Village , in the Bethel Census Area of the U.S . state of Alaska .
It is present in the provinces of Ontario and Quebec in Canada , and in most of the eastern and central American states from Massachusetts and New York in the northeast , west to Minnesota and south through the Great Plains to Texas and east to extreme northern Florida in the United States .
Oneida is an Iroquoian language spoken primarily by the Oneida people in the U.S . states of New York and Wisconsin , and the Canadian province of Ontario .
Lake of the Woods ( ) is a lake occupying parts of the Canadian provinces of Ontario and Manitoba and the U.S . state of Minnesota .
Poinsett County is a county located in the U.S . state of Arkansas .
New Mexico is covered by four main regions : the Rocky Mountains , the Great Plains , the Colorado Plateau , and the Basin and Range .
U.S . Route 5 ( US 5 ) is a north – south United States highway running through the New England states of Connecticut , Massachusetts , and Vermont .
Due to the so - called " Toledo War " , a boundary dispute with Ohio , Michigan did not become a state of the Union until January 26 , 1837 .
Alaska may refer to either of two places in the U.S . state of Pennsylvania :
Homestead is a city within Miami - Dade County in the U.S . state of Florida , between Biscayne National Park to the east and Everglades National Park to the west .
The Pasayten River is a tributary of the Similkameen River , in the Canadian province of British Columbia and the U.S . state of Washington .
The Apostle Islands National Lakeshore is a U.S . national lakeshore consisting of 21 islands ( Apostle Islands ) and shoreline encompassing on the northern tip of Wisconsin on the shore of Lake Superior .
There are 23 counties in the U.S . state of Wyoming .
Ohio lies between the Ohio River and Lake Erie in the Midwestern United States .
The following is an alphabetical list of members of the United States House of Representatives from the state of Alaska .
According to the 2011 census Thrissur district has a population of 3,110,327 , roughly equal to the nation of Mongolia or the US state of Iowa .
The following is an alphabetical list of articles related to the U.S . state of Utah .
The Constitution of the State of Oklahoma is the governing document of the U.S . State of Oklahoma .
Following is a table of United States presidential elections in North Dakota , ordered by year .
The US states where the plant occurs include Oregon , California , Texas , Oklahoma , Missouri , Arkansas , Louisiana , Kentucky , Tennessee , Mississippi , Alabama , Georgia , Florida , South Carolina , North Carolina , Virginia , and Hawaii .
The New Mexico Territory consisted of most of Arizona and New Mexico ( excluding a strip along their southern borders ) , a small section of southern Colorado , and the very southern tip of Nevada ; while the Utah Territory consisted of Utah , most of Nevada , and portions of Wyoming and Colorado .
U.S . Route 40 ( US 40 ) in the U.S . state of Maryland runs from western Maryland to Cecil County in the state's northeastern corner .
Nieuw - Nederland " , or New Netherland , was a colonial province of the Republic of the Seven United Netherlands chartered in 1614 , in what became New York State , New Jersey , and parts of other neighboring states .
It defines who may become or act as the Governor of Oregon upon the incapacity , death , resignation , or removal from office ( by impeachment and subsequent removal or recall ) of a sitting governor .
The National Historic Landmarks in Arkansas represent Arkansas's history from the Louisiana Purchase through the Civil War and the Civil Rights Movement .
A general election was held in the U.S . state of Illinois on November 4 , 2014 .
There are 83 counties in the U.S . state of Michigan .
Candler County is a county located in the U.S . state of Georgia .
The 2016 United States House of Representatives elections in New York were held on November 8 , 2016 , to elect the 27 U.S . Representatives from the state of New York , one from each of the state's 27 congressional districts .
The following is an alphabetical list of articles related to the U.S . state of Alabama .
From the New York state line at Salisbury to the Rhode Island state line at Putnam , US 44 runs for a total of in Connecticut .
Columbia County is a county located in the U.S . state of New York .
This is a list of the 33 counties ( ) in New Mexico .
Cheaha State Park is a publicly owned recreation area located in northern Clay and southwestern Cleburne counties in Alabama .
Walthall County is a county located in the U.S . state of Mississippi .
According to the 2011 census Ariyalur district has a population of 752,481 , roughly equal to the nation of Guyana or the US state of Alaska .
In Kentucky and Mississippi the elections were held on Tuesday , November 3 , and in Louisiana , as no candidate received a majority of votes at the primary election on Saturday , October 24 , 2015 , a runoff election was held on Saturday , November 21 .
This is a comprehensive listing of all the bird species recorded in Channel Islands National Park , which is in the U.S . state of California .
California , like all other states in the United States , is represented in the United States Senate by two Senators .
Georgia is bordered to the north by Tennessee and North Carolina , to the northeast by South Carolina , to the southeast by the Atlantic Ocean , to the south by Florida , and to the west by Alabama .
It was bordered by Mexico to the west and southwest , the Gulf of Mexico to the southeast , the two U.S . states of Louisiana and Arkansas to the east and northeast , and United States territories encompassing parts of the current U.S . states of Oklahoma , Kansas , Colorado , Wyoming , and New Mexico to the north and west .
Neebish Island is located in the U.S . state of Michigan , in the St . Marys River that connects Lake Superior and Lake Huron at the easternmost point of Michigan's upper peninsula .
This is a list of lieutenant governors of the U.S . state of Minnesota .
In 2007 , Georgia had an estimated population of 9,544,750 which was an increase of 180,809 from the previous year , and an increase of 1,177,125 since 2000 .
George County is a county located in the U.S . state of Mississippi .
Cimarron County in Oklahoma's panhandle is the only county in the United States that touches four other states : New Mexico , Texas , Colorado , and Kansas .
State Route 524 ( SR 524 ) is a suburban state highway in the U.S . state of Washington , located entirely within Snohomish County .
Table of United States congressional district boundary maps in the State of Wisconsin , presented chronologically .
Eleocharis halophila , the saltmarsh spikerush , is a perennial halophytic plant endemic to salt marshes in eastern Canada , in Ontario in Hudson Bay and James Bay , Quebec in the St . Lawrence Seaway as far as the city of Quebec , Newfoundland and Nova Scotia and in the United States from Maine to North Carolina .
Pike County is a county in the U.S . state of Illinois .
The Governor of the US State of Florida , Rick Scott , said a few hours after the quake that he had spoken with Carlos Trujillo about the earthquake and that " [ Venezuelan President ] Maduro should allow aid into Venezuela so anyone who may be affected can get the proper help " .
California's 19th congressional district is a congressional district in the U.S . state of California , currently represented by .
This is a list of butterflies found in the U.S . state of Oregon .
Iowa ( ) is a state in the Midwestern United States , bordered by the Mississippi River to the east and the Missouri River and Big Sioux River to the west .
It is found in the United States in the states of Florida , Louisiana , Maryland , Massachusetts , Mississippi , New Jersey and Texas .
The following is an alphabetical list of articles related to the U.S . state of Missouri .
This is a list of butterflies in the U.S . state of Maryland .
Magoffin County is a county located in the U.S . state of Kentucky .
While the disconnection between Western Washington and Eastern Washington is well known and documented , Northern Idaho has a similar dynamic in which its residents often feel disconnected from the state's political center in Boise .
The Central States are typically considered to consist of North Dakota , South Dakota , Nebraska , Kansas , Oklahoma , Texas , Minnesota , Iowa , Missouri , Arkansas , Louisiana , Wisconsin , and Illinois .
It is distributed from western Canada in southern British Columbia ; through the US in Washington ; central Idaho ; western Montana and Wyoming ; eastern Oregon ; Nevada ; and northern Utah ; to southern and western Colorado ; through central California ; eastern and central Arizona ; and western New Mexico .
Greene County is a county located in the U.S . state of New York .
Under the Constitution of Maryland , the Governor can run any number of times , but not more than twice in a row .
Since its admission to statehood in 1788 , Maryland has participated in every U.S . presidential election .
The Addison - 2 Representative District is a one member state Representative district in the U.S . state of Vermont .
The Delaware Mountains are a mountain range in the U.S . state of Texas , spanning part of Culberson County .
Superior National Forest , part of the United States National Forest system , is located in the Arrowhead Region of the state of Minnesota between the Canada – United States border and the north shore of Lake Superior .
The people of the state of Colorado are also represented in the federal government of the United States by two United States Senators and seven Congressional Representatives .
The National Elk Refuge is located in the U.S . state of Wyoming and was created in 1912 to protect habitat and provide sanctuary for one of the largest elk ( also known as the wapiti ) herds on Earth .
Because of the wide range of geography , the State of Washington is home to several different ecoregions which allow for a varied range of bird species .
Stuart Island is one of the San Juan Islands , north of San Juan Island and west of Waldron Island in the U.S . state of Washington .
California’s diverse geography gives rise to dozens of different ecosystems , each of which has its own unique native plants and animals .
Table of United States congressional district boundary maps in the State of Oklahoma , presented chronologically .
The American pika can be found throughout the mountains of western North America , from central British Columbia and Alberta in Canada to the US states of Oregon , Washington , Idaho , Montana , Wyoming , Colorado , Utah , Nevada , California and New Mexico .
The Aleutian Islands Wilderness is a wilderness area in the Aleutian Islands of the U.S . state of Alaska .
The Missoula metropolitan statistical area is located in the west - central portion of the state , the 2015 United States Census Bureau put its population at 114,181 , making it the 2nd largest metropolitan statistical area in Montana and the 321st largest in the nation between Cleveland , TN and Mount Vernon , WA .
Bellevue is a village in Eaton County in the U.S . state of Michigan .
The Toronto skyline can be spotted by the naked eye during clear daylight skies from locations as far as Newmarket in the north , Clarington in the east , Hamilton in the west , and Fort Niagara State Park , which is situated southeast of Toronto across Lake Ontario in the American state of New York .
Sanders County is a county located in the U.S . state of Montana .
Columbia County is a county located in the U.S . state of Pennsylvania .
Saguache County is one of the 64 counties in the U.S . state of Colorado .
This page lists census - designated places ( CDPs ) in the U.S . state of Minnesota .
Santa Fe ( or ; Tewa : " Oghá P’o'oge " , ) is the capital of the U.S . state of New Mexico .
Douglas County is a county located in the U.S . state of Washington .
Woman Key is an island in the Florida Keys in Monroe County , Florida , United States .
It covered all of the modern states of Ohio , Indiana , Illinois , Michigan , and Wisconsin , as well as the northeastern part of Minnesota .
The U.S . state of Alabama has 67 counties .
The western third of Montana contains numerous mountain ranges .
Although there are no uniformly agreed - upon boundaries , the region is most commonly used to refer to the states of Minnesota , Wisconsin , Michigan , Iowa , South Dakota , and North Dakota .
This is a List of Law Enforcement Agencies in the U.S . state of Oregon .
Zaleski State Forest is the second - largest state forest in the U.S . state of Ohio , located primarily in Vinton County , with areas in Athens County as well .
Chena River State Recreation Area is a state park in the U.S . state of Alaska , located east of Fairbanks .
On June 16 , 1906 , President Roosevelt signed the Oklahoma Enabling Act , which ruled that the Indian and Oklahoma territories would be granted statehood only as a combined state .
Pedro Bay Airport is a state - owned public - use airport located one nautical mile ( 1.85 km ) west of the central business district of Pedro Bay , in the Lake and Peninsula Borough of the U.S . state of Alaska .
Marion Brooks Natural Area is a state forest natural area in the Moshannon State Forest in Benezette Township , Elk County in the U.S . state of Pennsylvania .
Otsego County is a county located in the U.S . state of Michigan .
List of places in the U.S . state of Arizona .
Minneopa State Park is a state park in the U.S . state of Minnesota .
Mount Pierce is a mountain in the Presidential Range in the White Mountains of New Hampshire that is approximately 4,310 feet ( 1,314 m ) high .
Cape Blanco extends further west than any point of land in the contiguous United States ( lower 48 states ) except Cape Alava , in Washington .
Pierce County is a county located in the U.S . state of Wisconsin .
Marriages between persons of the same sex < br > " ( 1 ) Marriages between persons of the same sex entered into in any jurisdiction , whether within or outside the State of Florida , the United States , or any other jurisdiction , either domestic or foreign , or any other place or location , or relationships between persons of the same sex which are treated as marriages in any jurisdiction , whether within or outside the State of Florida , the United States , or any other jurisdiction , either domestic or foreign , or any other place or location , are not recognized for any purpose in this state .
DeLand is a city in the U.S . state of Florida .
The Maliseet ( also known as Wolastoqiyik and Malecite and in French as Malécites or Étchemins ( the latter collectively referring to the Maliseet and Passamaquoddy ) ) are a First Nations people who inhabit the Saint John River valley and its tributaries , roughly overlapping the International Boundary between New Brunswick and Quebec in Canada , and Maine in the United States .
The United States District Court for the District of Idaho ( in case citations , D . Idaho ) is the Federal district court whose jurisdiction comprises the state of Idaho ( except for the part of the state within Yellowstone National Park , which is under the jurisdiction of the United States District Court for the District of Wyoming ) .
Big Basin Redwoods State Park is a state park in the U.S . state of California , located in Santa Cruz County , about northwest of Santa Cruz .
Mississippi , and Biloxi with it , was admitted as a state to the union in 1817 .
California directly became a state , it was never required to spend a period of time as a territory .
Sanford is a city in the central region of the U.S . state of Florida and is the county seat of Seminole County .
Oregon Islands National Wildlife Refuge provides Wilderness Act protection to 1,853 small islands , rocks , and reefs plus two headlands , totaling 371 acres ( 150 ha ) spanning 320 miles ( 515 km ) of Oregon's coastline from the Oregon - California border to Tillamook Head .
The 1992 United States presidential election in Louisiana took place on November 7 , 1992 , as part of the 1992 United States presidential election .
This accounts for 4.82 % of the country's total land area ; however , 54 % of that amount is found in Alaska ( recreation and development in Alaskan wilderness is often less restrictive ) , while only 2.58 % of the lower continental United States is designated as wilderness .
Rothbury is a village in Grant Township , Oceana County in the U.S . state of Michigan .
The 1940 United States presidential election in Connecticut took place on November 5 , 1940 .
In the larger context of biodiversity protection in Virginia and the mid - Atlantic region , the factors which contribute to the unique character of this region and its important neotropical migrant populations include its size , large - patch community dynamics , its diversity of habitats , and the known or potential occurrence of rare ecosystems and biota .
The Atoka Formation , which was deposited much later during the Pennsylvanian , has the largest areal extent of any of the Paleozoic formations in Arkansas .
Garfield County is one of the 64 counties in the U.S . state of Colorado .
Dawson County is a county located in the north central portion of the U.S . state of Georgia .
Central Illinois is a region of the U.S . state of Illinois that consists of the entire central third of the state , divided from north to south .
In the U.S . state of Virginia , U.S . Route 340 runs north – south , parallel and east of U.S . Route 11 , from US 11 north of Greenville via Waynesboro , Grottoes , Elkton , Luray , Front Royal , and Berryville to the West Virginia state line .
According to the United States Board on Geographic Names , there are at least 109 named mountain ranges and sub - ranges in Wyoming .
Approximately 1.5 mile ( 2.4 km ) long , it is legally part of Detroit Township and Flint Township within Pike County in the U.S . state of Illinois .
Columbiana is a city in Columbiana and Mahoning counties in the U.S . state of Ohio .
Point Lobos and the Point Lobos State Natural Reserve is the " crown jewel " of California’s 280 state parks .
Minnesota was won by Governor Bill Clinton ( D - Arkansas ) with 43.48 % of the popular vote over incumbent President George H.W . Bush ( R - Texas ) who took 31.85 % , a victory margin of 11.63 % .
Holmes County is a county located in the U.S . state of Florida .
Lee County is a county located in the U.S . state of Illinois .
Patchogue Bay is a lagoon on the south - central shores of Long Island in the U.S . state of New York .
Wheeler County is a county located in the U.S . state of Georgia .
The Wyoming Constitution is the supreme governing document of the U.S . state of Wyoming .
In 1846 , the " Bear Flag Revolt " in Sonoma declared California an independent republic - the " Bear Flag Republic " .
The Kansas Legislature is the state legislature of the U.S . state of Kansas .
Arizona is divided into 9 congressional districts , each represented by a member of the United States House of Representatives .
It is naturalized as far north as southern Florida in the United States and as south as Bahia in Brazil , and is an invasive species in some areas .
The Petitioner notes that the 1867 treaty which ceded Alaska included a clause by which all inhabitants would be given U.S . citizenship " with the exception of the uncivilized native tribes . "
Following is a list of Governors of Missouri since its territory became part of the United States .
Phelps County is a county located in the central portion of the U.S . state of Missouri .
Democratic Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer responded to the announcement saying : The state of California has a waiver that allows it to set its own auto emissions standards , which it has used to combat smog and , more recently , global warming .
State Route 11 ( SR 11 ) is a state highway in the U.S . state of Georgia , traveling through portions of Echols , Lanier , Berrien , Irwin , Ben Hill , Wilcox , Pulaski , Houston , Peach , Bibb , Jones , Jasper , Newton , Walton , Barrow , Jackson , Hall , White , Lumpkin , and Union counties .
The following table lists the 10 National Natural Landmarks within Virginia in the eastern United States .
Wapello County is a county located in the U.S . state of Iowa .
American Bay ( also Amerikanskaia , 1883 name by Etolin ) is a waterway on Dall Island in the U.S . state of Alaska .
It has naturalized in many parts of Asia , including China and Japan , as well as parts of North America , from Canada ( Ontario and Quebec ) and in the United States ( within Connecticut , District of Columbia , Indiana , Maine , Massachusetts , Michigan , New Hampshire , New Jersey , New York , Pennsylvania , Rhode Island , South Dakota , Vermont and Wisconsin ) .
This included the entire population of the U.S . state of Nebraska , parts of the U.S . states of Colorado , Iowa , Kansas , Minnesota , Missouri , Montana , North Dakota , South Dakota , and Wyoming , and small southern portions of the Canadian provinces of Alberta and Saskatchewan .
The following is a list of symbols of the U.S . state of Colorado .
State Route 971 is a state highway in the U.S . state of Washington , running from US 97 Alternate west of Chelan to Lake Chelan State Park and back to US 97 Alternate farther southwest of Chelan .
A general election will be held in the U.S . state of Connecticut on November 4 , 2014 .
Madison County is a county located in the U.S . state of Arkansas .
Newaygo is a rural city in Newaygo County in the U.S . state of Michigan .
The majority of the Seneca in New York formed a modern elected government , the Seneca Nation of Indians , in 1848 .
Over two - thirds of Nevada's people live in the Las Vegas metropolitan area , and about 86 % of the state's land is owned by the US government , under various departments and agencies .
Ella Tambussi Grasso ( May 10 , 1919 – February 5 , 1981 ) was an American politician and member of the Democratic Party who served as the 83rd Governor of Connecticut from January 8 , 1975 to December 31 , 1980 .
A view of Lackawanna and Luzerne Counties from Pine Hill ( in Pinchot State Forest ) : The U.S . states of New York and New Jersey are to the north and east , respectively
The Snohomish River is a river in the U.S . state of Washington , formed by the confluence of the Skykomish and Snoqualmie rivers near Monroe .
The low , forested landscape with numerous lakes and relatively mild winters compared to other areas of interior Alaska creates an environment suitable for various types of flora and fauna .
Greene County is a county located in the U.S . state of Arkansas .
For instance , Hawaii has required a state - issued photo ID for decades .
The 1996 United States presidential election in Minnesota took place on November 5 , 1996 , as part of the 1996 United States presidential election .
The New York State Thruway system is a collection of six individual components across the state of New York that connect the state to four neighboring states ( Connecticut , Massachusetts , New Jersey , and Pennsylvania ) as well as the Canadian province of Ontario .
The Capital District , also known as the Capital Region , is the metropolitan area surrounding Albany , the capital of the U.S . state of New York .
CNPS continues to be a grassroots organization , with nearly 10,000 members and volunteers in 35 chapters covering the state of California and northwest Baja California .
Many of Vermont’s current cities are former villages ( unlike the other New England states where cities are almost invariably former towns ) .
St . Lucie County is a county in the U.S . state of Florida .
The Savanna State Forest is located in Aitkin and Saint Louis counties in the U.S . State of Minnesota .
It comprised the present states of Oregon , Washington , Idaho , and parts of Montana and Wyoming .
Loveland Park is a census - designated place ( CDP ) located in Symmes Township , Hamilton County and Deerfield Township , Warren County , in the southwestern part of the U.S . state of Ohio .
Kanabec County ( ) is a county located in the U.S . state of Minnesota .
This was the last time Colorado elected its governors to two year terms , switching to four years .
It is widespread in the Canadian Arctic Archipielago , and common in Greenland , Norwest Canada and United States ( Alaska ) .
Bill Gardner ( born October 26 , 1948 ) is the current Secretary of State of New Hampshire .
The Northwest Angle State Forest is a state forest located in Lake of the Woods County , Minnesota .
Miller County is a county located in the U.S . state of Missouri .
The only states or provinces where both varieties are present are British Columbia in Canada ; and the U.S . states of Idaho and Washington .
While it didn't happen under the articles , the land north of the Ohio River and west of the ( present ) western border of Pennsylvania ceded by Massachusetts , Connecticut , New York , Pennsylvania , and Virginia , eventually became the states of : Ohio , Indiana , Illinois , Michigan , and Wisconsin , and the part of Minnesota east of the Mississippi River .
In 1958 , the Territory of Alaska became the 49th state of the United States by virtue of the passage of the Alaska Statehood Act by the U.S . Congress .
Following the Republican Party election victories in 1860 , the United States Congress admitted Kansas to the Union on January 29 , 1861 .
The 2016 United States presidential election in Texas was won by Republican Donald Trump and his running mate Mike Pence by a 9 % margin over Democrats Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine , part of the November 8 , 2016 General Election .
About one third of all the battles of the Revolutionary War took place in New York .
South Carolina ( ) is a state in the Southeastern United States and the easternmost of the Deep South .
It is the largest metropolitan area anchored in the state of Kansas .
Among the states , the Nebraska Legislature is the lone unicameral body , although three other areas , that are the District of Columbia , Guam and the U.S . Virgin Islands , also have unicameral bodies .
Netarts Bay is an estuarine bay on the northern Oregon Coast of the U.S . state of Oregon , located about 5 miles ( 8.0 km ) southwest of Tillamook .
The center of population of Alaska is located approximately east of Anchorage at 61.399882 N . latitude , - 148.873973 W . longitude .
New Buffalo is a city in Berrien County in the U.S . state of Michigan .
The following is an alphabetical list of articles related to the U.S . state of Oklahoma .
Lake County is a county located in the U.S . state of Florida .
The eight Arctic nations Canada , Denmark ( Greenland and the Faroe Islands ) , Norway , the United States ( Alaska ) , Sweden , Finland , Iceland , and Russia , are all members of the treaty organization , the Arctic Council , as are organizations representing six indigenous populations .
Geauga County ( ) is a county in the U.S . state of Ohio .
West Marshland is a town in Burnett County in the U.S . state of Wisconsin .
Only three foreign - born women have served as U.S . governors – Madeleine Kunin of Vermont , who was born in Switzerland ; Jennifer Granholm of Michigan , who was born in Canada ; and Kate Brown of Oregon , who was born in Spain . "
A general election was held in the U.S . state of Arizona on November 4 , 2014 .
Between 1795 and 1815 a network of Métis settlements and trading posts was established throughout what is now the US states of Michigan and Wisconsin , and to a lesser extent in Illinois and Indiana .
The 2016 United States House of Representatives elections in Connecticut were held on Tuesday , November 8 , 2016 to elect the five U.S . Representatives from the state of Connecticut , one from each of the state's five congressional districts .
Sanak Island ( ) is an island in the Fox Islands group of the Aleutian Islands in the U.S . state of Alaska .
Before Illinois Territory was created in 1809 , it was part of the Northwest Territory from 1788 to 1800 , and Indiana Territory from 1800 to 1809 .
Geography of Kansas Demographics of Kansas Government of Kansas Courts of Kansas Law of Kansas Culture of Kansas Sports in Kansas Economy of Kansas Education in Kansas
This is a list of butterflies and moths - species of the order Lepidoptera - that have been observed in the U.S . state of Arizona .
US 11 spans within the state of Louisiana .
On January 3 , 1959 , Atwood was present ( along with Senators Edward L . Bartlett and Ernest Gruening , Representative Ralph J . Rivers and Territorial Governors Waino Hendrickson and Michael Anthony Stepovich ) in the White House Cabinet Room when President Dwight Eisenhower signed the proclamation that made Alaska the 49th state admitted into the United States .
Wyoming is a state in the Western United States .
The National Register of Historic Places listings in Syracuse , New York are described below .
The state is the 6th most visited in the country ( preceded by Florida , California , New York , Nevada and Pennsylvania ) .
Like its northern neighbor Washington , Oregon is one of the most socially progressive states in the country .
Hillsboro ( ) is the fifth - largest city in the State of Oregon and is the county seat of Washington County .
Matia Island ( ) is an island in the San Juan Islands of the U.S . state of Washington .
Florida is the flattest state in the United States .
Human history in California began when indigenous Americans first arrived some 13,000 – 15,000 years ago .
Wyoming ( ) is a state in the mountain region of the western United States .
The reason that New York did not conduct a census in 1885 is the fact that its Governor David B . Hill refused to support the proposed census due to its extravagance and its resulting large cost .
The county was organized eighteen years before Mississippi became a state . Four Mississippi governors have come from Adams County : David Holmes , George Poindexter , John A . Quitman , and Gerard Brandon .
The following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to Utah : Utah – state in the Western United States .
The Miss Minnesota USA competition is the pageant that selects the representative for the state of Minnesota in the Miss USA pageant .
In the United States , it has been found in parts of Alaska , Arizona , California , Colorado , Idaho , Montana , Nevada , New Mexico , Oregon , South Dakota , Utah , Washington , Wyoming .
Other places of note include : According to the 2011 census Barwani District has a population of 1,385,881 , roughly equal to the nation of Swaziland or the US state of Hawaii .
Due to its status as the most populous state in the union , California has the largest number of representatives of any single state in Congress .
Stanford is a town in the north - central part of Dutchess County , New York , United States .
List of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Franklin County , New York This is intended to be a complete list of properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Franklin County , New York .
Santa Barbara County , California , officially the County of Santa Barbara , is a county located in the southern region of the U.S . state of California .
According to the 2011 census Navsari district has a population of 1,330,711 , roughly equal to the nation of Estonia or the US state of Maine and Hawaii .
In 2010 , Alaska ranked as the 47th state by population , ahead of North Dakota , Vermont , and Wyoming ( and Washington , D.C . ) .
It traverses the Canadian provinces of Quebec and Ontario , and is part of the international boundary between Ontario , Canada , and the U.S . state of New York .
Beltrami County ( ) is a county located in the northern part of the U.S . state of Minnesota .
Maryland was the seventh state to ratify the United States Constitution , on April 28 , 1788 .
This is a list of symbols of the U.S . state of Maryland .
Headquartered in Houston , Texas , with 45 wind farms and five solar parks , EDP Renewables North America ( EDPR NA ) operates more than 5,600 megawatts ( MW ) of renewable energy projects in 14 U.S . states ( California , Illinois , Indiana , Iowa , Kansas , Minnesota , New York , Ohio , Oklahoma , Oregon , Texas , South Carolina , Washington , and Wisconsin ) as well as in Canada and Mexico .
This is a list of law enforcement agencies in the state of Connecticut .
The Illinois State Superintendent of Education , often shortened to State Superintendent , is a statewide government office in the U.S . state of Illinois .
The following 22 states or territories have OSHA - approved state programs : Alaska , Arizona , California , Hawaii , Indiana , Iowa , Kentucky , Maryland , Michigan , Minnesota , Nevada , New Mexico , North Carolina , Oregon , Puerto Rico , South Carolina , Tennessee , Utah , Vermont , Virginia , Washington , and Wyoming .
Most of them are always associated with North America , except for the westernmost Near Islands group , which is on Asia's continental shelf beyond the North Aleutians Basin and on rare occasions could be associated with Asia , which could then allow the U.S . state of Alaska to be considered a transcontinental state .
Idaho's 1st congressional district is one of two congressional districts in the U.S . state of Idaho .
Today , there are 45 members , 6 Senators and 18 Representatives representing the largest and most populated county in the state of Florida .
This is a list of the 100 largest cities in the U.S . State of California ranked by population , based on estimates for July 1 , 2015 by the United States Census Bureau .
For millennia , the land that is currently Kansas was inhabited by Native Americans .
Mohawk is the name of some places in the U.S . state of New York :
In 2000 in Flora of North America Scott Zona stated that " B . odorata " showed little inclination for escaping cultivation , but as of 2018 the USDA PLANTS database has it is as naturalized in the states of Florida , North and South Carolina of the United States .
Washington is a town in Dutchess County , New York , United States .
Following is a table of United States presidential elections in South Dakota , ordered by year .
In the United States , it has been recorded from Colorado , Maine and Montana .
Franklin County is a county in the U.S . state of Ohio .
Wilkinson County is a county located in the U.S . state of Mississippi .
The Alabama State Parks system encompasses approximately of land and water in Alabama .
According to the 2010 United States Census , Louisiana is the 25th most populous state with inhabitants and the 33rd largest by land area spanning of land .
The Sonoran green toad is endemic to the counties of Pima and Pinal in Arizona in the south western United States and to northern Mexico .
Meriwether County is a county located in the west central portion of the U.S . state of Georgia .
This act authorized the residents of the eastern portion of the Northwest Territory to form the state of Ohio and join the U.S . on an equal footing with the other states .
The U.S . state of Maine has several official symbols .
Miller State Park , the oldest state park in New Hampshire , is located on Pack Monadnock .
Located at the border of the Canadian province of Ontario and the U.S . state of Minnesota , the path is a relatively easy crossing of the Laurentian Divide separating the watersheds of the Atlantic and Arctic oceans .
It is found in the United States , where it has been recorded from Texas to South Carolina and Florida .
Two referendums were held in Maine , United States on November 7 , 2017 alongside state and national elections .
The following is a complete list of the 22 metropolitan areas in Florida , as defined by the United States Office of Management and Budget .
Washington Island lies about northeast of the tip of Door Peninsula in Door County , Wisconsin .
Curry County is a county in the U.S . state of Oregon .
With a population around two million , New Mexico is the 36th - most populous state .
John and Louise Seier National Wildlife Refuge is located in the U.S . state of Nebraska and includes 2,400 acres ( 9.71 km ) .
The State of Alaska comprises 19 organized boroughs and 1 unorganized borough , the latter divided into 10 unorganized census areas .
Below is a list of the endangered and threatened animal and plant species in the Commonwealth of Virginia , United States .
This species has invaded the northern part of the United States : Ohio , Michigan , Wisconsin , Virginia , Pennsylvania , New York , New Jersey , New England , as well as Quebec and Ontario in Canada .
Jackson , officially the City of Jackson , is the capital and most populous city of the U.S . state of Mississippi .
This is a list of mammals in California , including both current and recently historical inhabitants .
In 1970 , Arizona , New Mexico and Wisconsin elected their governors to four - year terms for the first time , instead of two - year terms , this election coincided with the Senate and the House elections .
With 53.63 % of the popular vote , Kansas would prove to be Dewey's fourth strongest state in the nation after Vermont , Maine and Nebraska .
Thirty - eight species of amphibians and reptiles have been recorded on the Mount Tom ridge , representing 76 % of all herpetological species found in Massachusetts .
St . Clair County is the oldest county in the U.S . state of Illinois ; its western border is formed by the Mississippi River .
Verona is a village in Montgomery and Preble counties in the U.S . state of Ohio .
This list of National Park System areas in Maryland includes the lands , trails , or park networks maintained by the National Park Service of the United States within the U.S . State of Maryland .
The Northern Panhandle is the northern of the two panhandles in the U.S . state of West Virginia .
The State of North Dakota comprises 53 counties .
Released in May 2011 , the California report provides an in - depth look at the well - being of people living in the most populous and the most diverse state in America .
The United States Census Bureau estimates that the population of Georgia was 10,214,860 on July 1 , 2015 , a 5.44 % increase since the 2010 United States Census .
According to the 2011 census West Tripura district has a population of 1,724,619 , roughly equal to the nation of The Gambia or the US state of Nebraska .
Throughout history , California has experienced many droughts , such as 1841 , 1864 , 1924 , 1928 – 1935 , 1947 – 1950 , 1959 – 1960 , 1976 – 1977 , 2006 – 2010 , and 2012 – 2017 .
New York is a U.S . state in the Mid - Atlantic region of the Northeastern United States .
The Arid Land Ecology Reserve is the largest tract of shrub - steppe ecosystem remaining in the U.S . state of Washington .
The Constitution of the State of Alabama is the basic governing document of the U.S . state of Alabama .
Most of the 536 cities in Georgia are governed by a mayor - council system .
According to the 2011 census Srinagar district has a population of 1,269,751 , roughly equal to the nation of Estonia or the US state of New Hampshire .
The state of Colorado is nicknamed the " Centennial State " .
Otsego is a city in Allegan County in the U.S . state of Michigan .
Regardless of the number of states moving their election dates earlier and earlier , New Hampshire vigorously maintained its " first in the nation " primary status .
Oklahoma was admitted to the Union on November 16 , 1907 and elects United States Senators to Class 2 and Class 3 .
The Beaverhead - Deerlodge National Forest is the largest of the National Forests in Montana , United States .
STPPS is the fifth - largest public school system in the state of Louisiana with 55 schools serving St . Tammany Parish .
Mason County is a county in the U.S . state of Illinois .
Capitol Peak is a peak in the Black Hills in the U.S . state of Washington .
List of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Nassau County , New York This list is intended to provide a comprehensive set of listings on the National Register of Historic Places in Nassau County , New York .
Delaware is bounded to the north by Pennsylvania ; to the east by the Delaware River , Delaware Bay , New Jersey and the Atlantic Ocean ; and to the west and south by Maryland .
This proposal is primarily designed to address the fact that some House districts are currently nearly twice the size of others ; for instance , there are just over 1 million residents in Montana's single district , compared to about 570,000 in Wyoming's .
Jefferson City is the capital of the U.S . state of Missouri and the 15th most populous city in the state .
It occurs across twelve U.S . states ( Alabama , Delaware , Florida , Georgia , Louisiana , Maryland , Mississippi , North Carolina , Oklahoma , South Carolina , Texas , Virginia ) , and is classified as " Least Concern " on the IUCN Red List . "
The classification system excludes the U.S . state of Hawaii , which is not part of the North American mainland .
Port Clarence Coast Guard Station is a private - use airport located one nautical mile ( 2 km ) northeast of the central business district of Port Clarence in the Nome Census Area of the U.S . state of Alaska .
The Southern Oregon Coast Range is the southernmost section of the Oregon Coast Range , in the Pacific Coast Ranges , located in the southwest portion of the state of Oregon , United States , roughly between the Umpqua River and the middle fork of the Coquille River , beyond which are the Klamath Mountains .
This is a list of notable figures in the history of pre - territorial Montana , Montana Territory and the state of Montana .
Arizona is a state located in the Western United States .
Following is a table of United States presidential elections in Virginia , ordered by year .
The Ohio territory's population grew steadily in the 1790s and early 19th century .
San Andres NWR is the largest area of protected land for desert bighorns in New Mexico .
The North Carolina Secretary of State is an elected official in the U.S . state of North Carolina , heading the Department of the Secretary of State , which oversees many of the economic and business - related operations of the state government .
This article shows U.S . Census totals for Washington County , Rhode Island , broken down by municipality , from 1900 to 2000 .
New York population may refer to :
there are ten former members of the U.S . House of Representatives from the U.S . State of Oregon who are currently living at this time .
The southwest corner of Colorado is the Four Corners Monument at 36 ° 59'56 " N , 109 ° 2'43 " W . This is the only place in the United States where four states meet : Colorado , New Mexico , Arizona , and Utah .
As part of the Mexican government's Secularization Act of 1833 , the land , formerly held by the Mission , was distributed to private citizens , requiring only that they build a house and graze cattle , bringing to an end the Mission Era Following the Mexican – American War and the 1848 signing of the Treaty of Guadalupe which transferred sovereignty over the territory now known as the State of California to the United States , Anglo - American immigration began to flow to the area .
This is a List of National Historic Landmarks in Mississippi .
Washington came from what was the western part of Washington Territory and was admitted to the Union as the 42nd state in 1889 .
When counties were established in the Province of New York in 1683 , the present Cayuga County was part of Albany County .
After the fall of Napoleon , not only was the Napoleonic Code retained by conquered countries including the Netherlands , Belgium , parts of Italy and Germany , but has been used as the basis of certain parts of law outside Europe including the Dominican Republic , the US state of Louisiana and the Canadian province of Quebec .
List of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Putnam County , New York This is intended to be a complete list of properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Putnam County , New York .
1700 acres ) lies in the Atlantic Ocean off the coast of the State of Maine , United States .
There are more than 1,500 properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in the U.S . State of Maryland .
When California became a state in 1850 , the United States government , through the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo , required that land previously granted by Spanish and Mexican governments be proved before the Board of Land Commissioners .
Two thirds of " American Asians " lived in the five states of California , New York , Hawaii , Texas , and Illinois ; additionally their highest population concentrations were in California , New York , and Hawaii .
Most recently on December 1 , 2009 , the Office of Management and Budget defined 1067 statistical areas for the United States , including 3 combined statistical areas , 5 metropolitan statistical areas , and 20 micropolitan statistical areas in the State of Mississippi .
In 1812 President James Madison signed a bill creating the Missouri Territory , including the present - day state of Nebraska .
Belleville is a village in Dane and Green counties in the U.S . state of Wisconsin .
The Constitution of the State of Oklahoma is the governing document of the U.S . State of Oklahoma . Adopted in 1907 , Oklahoma ratified the United States Constitution on November 16 , 1907 , as the 46th U.S . state .
Deltona is a city in the U.S . state of Florida and the most populous city in Volusia County .
York is a town in Clark County in the U.S . state of Wisconsin .
U.S . Route 44 ( US 44 ) in the state of New York is a major east – west thoroughfare in the Hudson Valley region of the state .
The Tualatin River National Wildlife Refuge is a wetlands and lowlands sanctuary in the northwestern part of the U.S . state of Oregon .
The United States District Court for the District of Connecticut ( in case citations , D . Conn . ) is the Federal district court whose jurisdiction is the state of Connecticut .
The Taconic State Parkway ( often called the Taconic or the TSP and known administratively as New York State Route 987G or NY 987G ) is a divided highway between Kensico Dam and Chatham , the longest parkway in the U.S . state of New York .
A Democrat usually takes the Mid - Atlantic states , including New York , New Jersey , Maryland and Delaware , along with New England , particularly Vermont , Massachusetts , Rhode Island , and Connecticut , and the West Coast states of California , Oregon and Washington .
Indian Springs State Park has been operated continuously by the state of Georgia as a public park since 1825 , although it did not gain the title " State Park " until 1931 .
Lawton is a village in Van Buren County of the U.S . state of Michigan .
Technically the voters of Colorado cast their ballots for electors : representatives to the Electoral College .
California became part of the United States after the Mexican – American War .
Seward Airport is a state - owned , public - use airport located two nautical miles ( 2.3 miles ; 3.7 km ) northeast of the central business district of Seward , a city in Kenai Peninsula Borough of the U.S . state of Alaska .
The colony included about 2 / 3 of what is now the Florida Panhandle , as well as parts of the modern U.S . states of Louisiana , Mississippi , and Alabama .
The New York – New Jersey Highlands is a geological formation composed primarily of Precambrian igneous and metamorphic rock running from the Delaware River near Musconetcong Mountain , northeast through the Skylands Region of New Jersey along the Bearfort Ridge and the Ramapo Mountains , Sterling Forest , Harriman and Bear Mountain State Parks in New York , to the Hudson River at Storm King Mountain .
Under the direction of the current Secretary of State Thomas Jefferson , marshals collected data from all thirteen states ( Connecticut , Delaware , Georgia , Maryland , Massachusetts , New Hampshire , New Jersey , New York , North Carolina , Pennsylvania , Rhode Island , South Carolina , and Virginia ) , and from the Southwest Territory .
This list of birds of Florida includes species documented in the U.S . state of Florida and accepted by the Florida Ornithological Society Records Committee ( FOSRC ) .
Caribou - Targhee National Forest is located in the states of Idaho and Wyoming , with a small section in Utah in the United States .
According to the 2011 census Barnala district has a population of 596,294 , roughly equal to the nation of Solomon Islands or the US state of Wyoming .
The Bennington - 1 Representative District is a one member state Representative district in the U.S . state of Vermont .
The economy of the State of New York is reflected in its gross state product in 2017 of $ 1.607 trillion , ranking third in size behind the larger U.S . states of California and Texas .
The Constitution of the State of Michigan is the governing document of the U.S . state of Michigan .
In national elections , Florida plays an important role as the largest bellwether state , occasionally determining the outcome of elections for U.S . President - as it did in 1876 and in 2000 .
The MRO region lies within the Eastern Interconnection and occupies upper midwestern North America , covering all of the states of Minnesota , North Dakota and Nebraska , portions of the states of Montana , South Dakota , Iowa , Wisconsin and the Upper Peninsula of Michigan , and the Provinces of Saskatchewan and Manitoba in Canada .
The original California Constitution of 1849 called for elections every two years , with no set start date for the term .
To the north , Coahuila accounts for a stretch of the Mexico – United States border , adjacent to the U.S . state of Texas along the course of the Rio Grande ( Río Bravo del Norte ) .
The Alabama River , in the U.S . state of Alabama , is formed by the Tallapoosa and Coosa rivers , which unite about north of Montgomery , near the suburb of Wetumpka .
Three United States counties ( in Delaware , New Jersey , and Virginia ) , and a former county / land division of Western Australia , are named after Sussex .
The names of 24 states are arranged alphabetically and derive from indigenous languages of the Americas and one from Hawaiian : eight come from Algonquian languages , seven from Siouan languages ( one of those by way of Illinois , an Algonquian language ) , three from Iroquoian languages , one from a Uto - Aztecan language , and five from other Native American languages .
Geography of Arizona Places in Arizona Regions of Arizona Demographics of Arizona Politics of Arizona Government of Arizona Courts of Arizona Law of Arizona Local government in Arizona History of Arizona Culture of Arizona Economy of Arizona Education in Arizona
Since its admission to statehood in 1863 , West Virginia has participated in every U.S . presidential election .
Arizona was the last territory in the contiguous United States , and after Arizona's admission , it would be another 47 years before another State ( Alaska ) was admitted .
On December 3 , 1818 , Illinois became the 21st U.S . state .
These are tables of congressional delegations from Hawaii to the United States Senate and United States House of Representatives .
The other is Missouri , which acquired additional territory in 1837 due to the Platte Purchase . )
Eleven states hold them in the same years as presidential elections ( Vermont and New Hampshire hold elections every two years in every even numbered year ) , while the remaining five hold them in odd numbered years ( two in the year after a presidential election , three in the year before ) .
I - 75 is the seventh longest Interstate Highway , the second longest north - south after I - 95 , and passes through six different states : Florida , Georgia , Tennessee , Kentucky , Ohio , and Michigan .
The states that the whitestar potato can be found in are as follows : Alabama , Arkansas , California , Washington D.C . , Delaware , Florida , Georgia , Iowa , Illinois , Indiana , Kansas , Kentucky , Louisiana , Massachusetts , Maryland , Montana , Mississippi , North Carolina , New Jersey , New York , Ohio , Oklahoma , Pennsylvania , South Carolina , Tennessee , Texas , Virginia , and West Virginia .
Mohawk ( ; " Kanien’kéha " , " [ language ] of the Flint Place " ) is an Iroquoian language currently spoken by around 3,500 people of the Mohawk nation , located primarily in Canada ( southern Ontario and Quebec ) , the Haudenosaunne Confederacy and to a lesser extent in the United States ( western and northern New York ) .
Easton is a town in Adams County in the U.S . state of Wisconsin .
State Route 112 ( SR 112 , named the Strait of Juan de Fuca Highway ) is a state highway and scenic byway in the U.S . state of Washington .
Anaktuvuk Pass Airport is a public use airport located in Anaktuvuk Pass , a city in the North Slope Borough of the U.S . state of Alaska .
Watson Township is a civil township of Allegan County in the U.S . state of Michigan .
Georgia is home to 63 state parks , 48 of which are state parks and 15 that are National Historic Sites , and many state wildlife preserves , under the supervision of the Georgia Department of Parks and Recreation , a division of the Georgia Department of Natural Resources .
Moran State Park is a public recreation area on Orcas Island in Puget Sound's San Juan Islands in the state of Washington , United States .
There are sixteen counties and one independent city in the U.S . state of Nevada .
Sutwik Island is a 14 - mile - long ( 22.5 km ) island in the U.S . state of Alaska , located at off the Alaska Peninsula , east of Chignik Bay .
Definitions vary as to what land comprises the Great Plains , but the Plains are generally agreed to consist of all or part of ten states : Colorado , Kansas , Montana , Nebraska , New Mexico , North Dakota , Oklahoma , South Dakota , Texas and Wyoming .
Aniak Airport is a state owned , public use airport located in Aniak , a city in the Bethel Census Area of the U.S . state of Alaska .
Surveyor Bay is a bay in Alaska in the United States .
By the end of 1847 , the Conquest of California by the United States was complete , as the Mexican – American War came to an end .
The Meredosia National Wildlife Refuge is a national wildlife refuge located along the Illinois River in Cass County and Morgan County in the U.S . state of Illinois .
Washington was won by Governor Bill Clinton ( D - Arkansas ) with 43.41 % of the popular vote over incumbent President George H.W . Bush ( R - Texas ) with 31.97 % .
Its natural habitat includes 12 U.S . states , including Alaska , and 11 Canadian provinces and territories .
The North Inlet - Winyah Bay National Estuarine Research Reserve , in the U.S . State of South Carolina , features the salt marshes and ocean dominated tidal creeks of the North Inlet Estuary plus the brackish waters and marshes of the adjacent Winyah Bay Estuary .
The Washington - 3 - 2 Representative District is a one - member state Representative district in the U.S . state of Vermont .
Additionally , due to the unchanging size of the House , combined with the requirement that districts not cross state lines , and the population distribution among states in the 2010 Census there is a wide size disparity among congressional districts : Montana has the largest average district size , with 994,416 people ; and Rhode Island has the smallest , with 527,624 people .
Philadelphia , often called Philly , is the largest city in the U.S . state and Commonwealth of Pennsylvania , and the sixth - most populous U.S . city , with a 2017 census - estimated population of 1,580,863 .
Atchafalaya National Heritage Area is a federally designated National Heritage Area encompassing parts of fourteen parishes along the Atchafalaya River in the U.S . State of Louisiana .
Hinds County is a county located in the U.S . state of Mississippi .
Homer is a city in Kenai Peninsula Borough in the U.S . state of Alaska .
Clarence is a town located in the northeastern part of Erie County , New York , United States , northeast of Buffalo .
New York would remain the state with the most members until surpassed by California in the 1970 Census .
The New Mexico Supreme Court is the highest court in the U.S . state of New Mexico .
Washington County is a county located in the southwestern corner of Utah , United States .
Reflecting Albany's position as New York's state capital are the main buildings of all three branches of state government .
Heart Island is an island in the Town of Alexandria within the Saint Lawrence River , along the northern border of the U.S . state of New York , in Jefferson County .
The state of Illinois was accepted into the Union on December 3 , 1818 .
There are 67 state parks , nine state recreation areas , nine state waysides , and 23 state trails in the Minnesota state park system , totaling approximately . A Minnesota state park is an area of land in the U.S . state of Minnesota preserved by the state for its natural , historic , or other resources .
The name reflects Colorado's admission to the Union as the 38th state in 1876 , the centennial year of the United States Declaration of Independence .
Thus for Hawaii , the largest CDPs are ranked .
Technically the voters of Mississippi cast their ballots for electors : representatives to the Electoral College .
On December 10 , 1817 , Mississippi was admitted into the Union as a state and Alabama Territory to the east was spun off .
Nance County is a county in the U.S . state of Nebraska .
The 1940 United States presidential election in Oregon took place on November 5 , 1940 , as part of the 1940 United States presidential election .
Table of United States congressional district boundary maps in the State of Nevada , presented chronologically .
The Refuge protects more than 40,000 acres ( 162 km ) of southern New Jersey Coastal Habitats and tidal wetlands .
In 1848 , the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo , concluding the Mexican War , extended U.S . citizenship to approximately 60,000 Mexican residents of the New Mexico Territory and 10,000 living in California .
The Presidential Range of the Green Mountains is a mountain range in the U.S . state of Vermont .
The 2012 United States presidential election in California took place on November 6 , 2012 , as part of the 2012 general election in which all 50 states plus The District of Columbia participated .
Shoshone National Forest ( ) is the first federally protected National Forest in the United States and covers nearly in the state of Wyoming .
The Secretary of the State of Connecticut is one of the constitutional officers of the U.S . state of Connecticut . (
The 100 Mile Border Zone includes two thirds of the population , a majority of the largest cities in the U.S . and several entire states ( namely Connecticut , Delaware , Florida , Hawaii , Maine , Massachusetts , Michigan , New Hampshire , and New Jersey ) .
Before joining the United States as the fourteenth state , Vermont was an independent republic known as the Vermont Republic .
The region covers an area of about , including parts of three Canadian provinces ( Saskatchewan , Manitoba , and Alberta ) and five U.S . states ( Minnesota , Iowa , North and South Dakota , and Montana ) .
Myre - Big Island State Park is a state park of Minnesota , USA , just outside the city of Albert Lea .
Delaware County is a county in the U.S . state of Ohio .
The majority of the state symbols are officially listed in the New York Consolidated Laws in Article 6 , Sections 70 through 87 .
In all zones , maximum ERP for analog TV transmitters is as follows : Zone I ( the most densely populated zone ) consists of the entire land masses of the following states : Connecticut , Delaware , Illinois , Indiana , Maryland , Massachusetts , New Jersey , Ohio , Pennsylvania , Rhode Island , and West Virginia ; in addition to the northern and eastern portions of Virginia ; the areas of Michigan and southeastern Wisconsin south of 43 ° 30 " north latitude ; the coastal strip of Maine ; the areas of New Hampshire and Vermont south of 45 ° north latitude ; and the areas of western New York south of 43 ° 30 " north latitude and eastern New York south of 45 ° north latitude .
Glendo State Park is a public recreation area surrounding Glendo Reservoir on the North Platte River in Platte and Converse counties in Wyoming in the United States .
Alaska was declared a U.S . state on January 3 , 1959 .
This species " range is circumpolar , and includes California , the Rocky Mountain states and most of the most northerly states of the United States ; most of Canada ; Scandinavia much of European and Asiatic Russia ; China , Mongolia , Korea and Japan - see external links for map .
North Carolina Highway 615 ( NC 615 ) is a primary state highway in the U.S . state of North Carolina .
The Windsor - 1 - 1 Representative District is a one - member state Representative district in the U.S . state of Vermont .
Shelby County is a county located in the northeastern portion of the U.S . state of Missouri .
Washington County is a county located in the U.S . state of Illinois .
Lake of the Woods County is a county located in the U.S . state of Minnesota .
Washington was carved out of the western part of Washington Territory which had been ceded by Britain in 1846 by the Oregon Treaty as settlement of the Oregon Boundary Dispute .
For the 2012 elections , Americans Elect succeeded in ballot access status in 29 states : Alabama , Alaska , Arizona , Arkansas , California , Colorado , Florida , Hawaii , Kansas , Maine , Maryland , Michigan , Mississippi , Montana , Nebraska , Nevada , New Mexico , North Carolina , North Dakota , Ohio , Oklahoma , Oregon , Rhode Island , South Carolina , South Dakota , Utah , Vermont , Wisconsin and Wyoming .
New Holstein is a city in Calumet County in the U.S . state of Wisconsin .
Connecticut's of trail lie almost entirely along the ridges to the west above the Housatonic River valley .
It is found in Mexico and the United States ( Arizona ) .
The U.S . state of Indiana has 25 state parks maintained and operated by Indiana Department of Natural Resources ( DNR ) .
Vermont was admitted to the United States as the fourteenth state in 1791 after a brief period of sovereignty following the American Revolutionary War .
West Haven is a town in Rutland County , Vermont , United States .
It is known from Québec , Canada , and the United States ( including California , Kentucky , Ohio , Michigan , Vermont and Maine ) .
Gilchrist is the first Oregon state forest dedicated since 1948 when Sun Pass State Forest opened .
New York State Route 310 ( NY 310 ) is a north – south state highway located entirely within St . Lawrence County in the North Country of the U.S . state of New York .
Goode Mountain is one of the major peaks of the North Cascades in the U.S . state of Washington .
In the U.S . state of Colorado 501 species of birds have been documented .
Below is a chronological listing of the United States Senators from Massachusetts .
The Rutland - 7 Representative District is a one member state Representative district in the U.S . state of Vermont .
The 2012 United States presidential election in Illinois took place on November 6 , 2012 , as part of the 2012 General Election in which all 50 states plus The District of Columbia participated .
The coastal landscape and beach at Big Talbot Island is unique within the state of Florida for its rock - like sedimentary hardpan soil deposits underlying the surface .
The state of Wisconsin was created from Wisconsin Territory on May 29 , 1848 , with 28 counties .
The Harraseeket River is a tidal river in the town of Freeport within the U.S . state of Maine .
Britton Hill is the highest natural point in the state of Florida , United States , with a summit elevation of above mean sea level .
About 80 % of the forest's area is in Arkansas , with the remaining 20 % in Oklahoma .
The district includes all or parts of 13 states : Arkansas , Illinois , Iowa , Kentucky , Louisiana , Michigan , Minnesota , Mississippi , Missouri , North Dakota , Tennessee , Wisconsin , and South Dakota .
This is a list of mountains in the state of Montana .
The dialect Geddes described may be referred to as Brayon French , spoken by Brayons in the Bonaventure and Beauce - Appalaches regions of Quebec , the Madawaska region of New Brunswick and small pockets in the American state of Maine .
The Windsor - 2 Representative District is a one member state Representative district in the U.S . state of Vermont .
Sussex has a population of about 1.6 million , about the same as the US state of Idaho and about three times the population of Cornwall .
The 1836 United States presidential election in Maine took place between November 3 and December 7 , 1836 , as part of the 1836 United States presidential election .
State Route 721 ( SR 721 ) is a north – south state highway located in the western portion of the U.S . state of Ohio .
Endicott River Wilderness is a wilderness area in the U.S . state of Alaska .
Long Island is an uninhabited island lying in the southern part of Willapa Bay in Pacific County , Washington , United States .
Ossabaw Island is one of the Sea Islands located on the Atlantic Ocean off the coast of the U.S . state of Georgia approximately twenty miles by water south from the historic downtown of the city of Savannah .
According to the 2011 census Gopalganj district , India has a population of 2,558,037 , roughly equal to the nation of Kuwait or the US state of Nevada .
The region covers in Oregon , in Idaho , and small areas in Washington , including parts of the Malheur , Ochoco , Umatilla , and Wallowa - Whitman national forests , and significant portions of the Mill Creek , Bridge Creek , Black Canyon , Monument Rock , North Fork John Day , North Fork Umatilla , and Eagle Cap wildernesses .
This area includes much of northern New York state ( save for the Adirondacks ) , western Vermont , the Saint Lawrence Lowlands in southern Quebec and most of southern Ontario between Lake Ontario and Georgian Bay on Lake Huron .
The State of Utah was admitted to the Union on January 4 , 1896 .
Specifically , state - by - state polls for the 2008 Republican nomination showed that Giuliani polled ahead of all other candidates in a majority of states including the delegate - rich states of California , New York , and Florida .
Alachua County ( ) is a county in the U.S . state of Florida .
The 2016 United States presidential election in Nebraska was held on November 8 , 2016 , as part of the 2016 General Election in which all 50 states plus The District of Columbia participated .
Mississippi was admitted to the Union on December 10 , 1817 , and elects senators to Class 1 and Class 2 .
Two states were admitted to the union during this decade : Maine in 1820 , and Missouri in 1821 .
The Jim Edgar Panther Creek State Fish and Wildlife Area ( JEPC ) is a conservation area located within Cass County in the U.S . state of Illinois .
Georgia was established as a state under the federal Constitution in 1788 .
Additionally , it has been reported occasionally in the Aleutian Islands , and has been a vagrant in British Columbia in Canada as well as Washington ( state ) and Oregon in the United States .
Green County is a county located in the U.S . state of Wisconsin .
California was set off from unorganized land ceded to the United States by Mexico in 1848 at the end of the Mexican – American War .
Cowley County ( county code CL ) is a county located in the U.S . state of Kansas .
Camano Island State Park is publicly owned recreation area on Camano Island in Puget Sound located southwest of Stanwood in Island County , Washington , United States .
The Catskill Escarpment , often referred to locally as just the Escarpment or the Great Wall of Manitou , and known as the Catskill Front to geologists , is the range forming the northeastern corner of the Catskill Mountains in Greene and Ulster counties in the U.S . state of New York .
Though no consensus exists , even among experts , for the definition of the West as a region , the U.S . Census Bureau's definition of the 13 westernmost states includes the Rocky Mountains and the Great Basin to the West Coast , and the outlying states , Alaska and Hawaii .
Table of United States congressional district boundary maps in the State of Oregon , presented chronologically .
Columbus ( ) is the state capital of and the most populous city in the U.S . state of Ohio .
The oldest current governor is Jerry Brown of California , born on .
The U.S . state of Nevada maintains a system of scenic byways throughout the state .
It is located in Dover , Kent County , Delaware in the United States . Delaware was the first state to ratify the United States Constitution .
This list of birds of Maine is a comprehensive listing of all the bird species recorded in the U.S . state of Maine .
There are 82 counties in the U.S . state of Mississippi .
Wheatland County is a county located in the U.S . state of Montana .
Within the United States , the plant can be seen in Alaska , as well as the Olympic Mountains , stretching east through Oregon to Idaho and western Montana .
The 2008 congressional elections in New York were held on November 4 , 2008 to determine representation in the state of New York in the United States House of Representatives .
These territories became the states of Oregon , Idaho , Washington and parts of other Western states .
As compared to the 2000 United States Census this population grew by 40 % ; and 71 % live in the West ; of those over half ( 52 % ) live in either Hawaii or California , with no other states having populations greater than 100,000 .
The following is an alphabetical list of articles related to the U.S . State of Nevada .
Soldotna is a home rule city in the Kenai Peninsula Borough , in the U.S . state of Alaska .
This article shows U.S . Census totals for Carroll County , New Hampshire , broken down by municipality , from 1900 to 2010 .
The Bear Island State Forest is a state forest in Minnesota bordered by the towns of Ely , Babbitt , and Tower in Lake and Saint Louis counties .
When Oklahoma Territory and Indian Territory joined the Union in 1907 as the single state of Oklahoma , Beaver County was divided into the present Beaver , Texas , and Cimarron counties .
The Washington - 7 Representative District is a one member state Representative district in the U.S . state of Vermont .
The following railroads operate in the U.S . state of Alaska .
Dave Mejias by a 56 % - 44 % margin , even as two other New York Republican Congressmen lost their seats upstate and one open Republican seat flipped to the Democrats .
Craig ( Tlingit : " Sháan Séet " ) is a first - class city in the Prince of Wales - Hyder Census Area in the Unorganized Borough in the U.S . state of Alaska .
Nevada and Louisiana are the only two states in which casino - style gambling is legal statewide .
This is a list of properties and districts in Mississippi that are listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
The following is an alphabetical list of members of the United States House of Representatives from the state of Colorado .
Kenmore is a village in Erie County , New York , United States .
The Windsor - Rutland - 1 Representative District is a one - member state Representative district in the U.S . state of Vermont .
Fergus County is a county in the U.S . state of Montana .
Since 1948 , the Democrats have secured the state of Georgia 7 times , while the Republican party secured Georgia 8 times .
The government of Maryland is conducted according to the Maryland Constitution .
Jefferson County is a county located in the southern part of the U.S . state of Illinois .
Governors Island is one of the few islands with permanent residents on Lake Norman , in Westport , a community in Catawba Springs Township , in Lincoln County , North Carolina , USA .
Within the United States , it is found from Florida west to Arizona and southern Nevada and north to south - central Pennsylvania .
In January 1820 , the county of Oakland was formed , which served the area now known as Lapeer , until the County of Lapeer was formed in 1837 , when Michigan became a state .
Most recently on December 1 , 2009 , the Office of Management and Budget defined 1067 statistical areas for the United States , including a combined statistical area and a metropolitan statistical area in the State of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations .
Vermont Route 9 ( VT 9 ) is a state highway in the U.S . state of Vermont .
Washington County is a county located in the northeastern part of the U.S . state of Oklahoma .
The Caledonia - 1 Representative District is a one member state Representative district in the U.S . state of Vermont .
Caddo County is a county located in the U.S . state of Oklahoma .
A'eron island is a tiny island ( approx 800 ft x 1600 ft ) located near the mouth of the Umpqua River on the Pacific coast of Oregon in the United States .
Alaska Route 10 refers to two unconnected highways in the U.S . state of Alaska :
The Connecticut River , Thames River , and ports along Long Island Sound have given Connecticut a strong maritime tradition which continues today .
Elmore is a village in Ottawa and Sandusky counties in the U.S . state of Ohio .
In Wisconsin , the highway enters runs east – west across the northwestern part of the state and re - enters the state in the northeast part .
The state of Illinois leads the nation in the number of special districts with California close behind .
Starr County is a county located in the U.S . state of Texas .
There are 62 counties in the state of New York .
As of May 3 , 2006 , Vermont law 1 V.S.A § § 851 – 853 recognizes Abenakis as Native American Indians , " not the tribes or bands " .
The Lamoille - 2 Representative District is a one member state Representative district in the U.S . state of Vermont .
Green Springs is a village in Sandusky and Seneca counties in the U.S . state of Ohio .
Before the American Revolution , Illinois was part of the French Illinois Country , and then the British Province of Quebec .
Events from the year 2018 in Michigan . In the 2010 United States Census , Michigan was recorded as having a population of 9,883,640 persons , ranking as the eighth most populous state in the country .
Tama County is a county located in the U.S . state of Iowa .
Public opinion polls have consistently ranked Mississippi as the most religious state in the United States , with 59 % of Mississippians considering themselves " very religious " .
The history of Westchester County , a county in the state of New York , can be traced back to the founding of a settlement between the Hudson River and Long Island Sound in the 16th century .
New York State Route 300 ( NY 300 ) is a state highway located west of the city of Newburgh in the Hudson Valley of New York in the United States .
Alabama is a state in the southeastern region of the United States .
Mount Lafayette is a mountain at the northern end of the Franconia Range in the White Mountains of New Hampshire , United States .
The Black Pine Mountains are a mountain range in the U.S . states of Idaho ( ~ 65 % ) and Utah ( ~ 35 % ) , spanning Cassia County , Idaho and reaching into Box Elder County , Utah .
This is a list of state parks and reserves in the New Mexico state park system .
Blaine is a town in Burnett County in the U.S . state of Wisconsin .
Florida has a subtropical climate in the northern part of the state and a tropical climate in the southern part of the state .
The Miss Connecticut USA competition is the pageant that selects the representative for the state of Connecticut in the Miss USA pageant .
Brantley County is a county located in the U.S . state of Georgia .
This page lists census - designated places ( CDPs ) in the U.S . state of Maine .
The Michigan Legislature is the legislature of the U.S . state of Michigan .
The following is an alphabetical list of members of the United States House of Representatives from the state of New Mexico .
The Addison - 5 Representative District is a one member state Representative district in the U.S . state of Vermont .
This large but disjunct ecoregion covers in Oregon and in Washington , including parts of the Olympic and Siuslaw National Forests and the Cummins Creek and Rock Creek Wildernesses , as well as higher elevations in the Cape Meares National Wildlife Refuge .
Missisquoi National Wildlife Refuge is a National Wildlife Refuge located in the eastern shore of Lake Champlain in the U.S . state of Vermont .
In 2014 a record number of Native American women ran for office in New Mexico , including in districts without a high proportion of Native Americans , like District 26 , and for statewide positions .
North Slope Borough , established in 1972 , is an Alaskan borough bounded on the south by the Brooks Range and located largely in the North Slope region of the U.S . state of Alaska .
In June 2015 the park celebrated its 100 - year anniversary ; today Jay Cooke State Park is one of the ten most visited state parks in Minnesota , with 378,000 visitors in 2014 .
Milford is a village in Oakland County in the U.S . state of Michigan .
When gold was discovered in 1848 and it joined the United States as the thirty first state in 1851 interest in ploting California's landscapes boomed .
Oglodak Island is an island in the U.S . State of Alaska .
List of Oregon Wildernesses lists all 47 designated wildernesses in the U.S . state of Oregon .
The Caledonia - Washington - 1 Representative District is a one member state Representative district in the U.S . state of Vermont .
Louisiana's homicide rate of 12.4 per 100,000 , in 2017 , was the highest among U.S . states for the 29th straight year according to the 2017 FBI Uniform Crime Report .
Over the map is the original seal of the Territory on which the second double " s " of Mississippi is written as a single " s . " The portrait is of Winthrop Sargent , first governor of Mississippi Territory .
The Chittenden - 3 - 4 Representative District is a two - member state Representative district in the U.S . state of Vermont .
Humboldt County is a county in the U.S . state of Nevada .
This is a list of highest points in each county in the U.S . state of Oregon , in alphabetical order by county .
List of members of the Oregon United States House delegation , their terms , their district boundaries , and the districts " political ratings according to the CPVI .
Syracuse ( ) is a city in and the county seat of Onondaga County , New York , in the United States .
The Sangamon River State Fish and Wildlife Area , also and formerly known as the " Sangamon County Conservation Area " and the " Sangamon River State Habitat Area " , is a 127 - acre ( 51 - hectare ) forest preserve located in Fancy Creek Township near the village of Cantrall in the U.S . state of Illinois .
Clay County is a county located in the U.S . state of Illinois .
Cattaraugus County is a county in the western part of the U.S . state of New York , with one side bordering Pennsylvania .
It is known from Québec , Canada , and the United States ( including Kentucky , Connecticut , Maryland , Pennsylvania , Vermont and Illinois ) .
North Carolina was one of the original Thirteen Colonies and signed the United States Declaration of Independence on July 4 , 1776 .
Neosho County ( standard abbreviation : NO ) is a county located in the south east of the U.S . state of Kansas .
New Washington is a village in Cranberry Township in Crawford County , Ohio , United States .
The largest metro areas in California , as of 2010 , are Los Angeles , San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose , San Diego , Riverside - San Bernardino , and Sacramento .
Maine contains three federally recognized Indian reservations .
Georgia is divided into 159 counties , more than any other U.S . state except Texas .
George W . Joseph State Natural Area is a natural area in the U.S . state of Oregon .
San Juan is a census - designated place ( CDP ) in Rio Arriba County , New Mexico , United States .
Pawnee County is a county located in the U.S . state of Oklahoma .
The 1840 United States presidential election in Connecticut took place between October 30 and December 2 , 1840 , as part of the 1840 United States presidential election .
In the state of New York , US 11 extends for from the Pennsylvania state line south of the Southern Tier city of Binghamton to the Canada – US border at the North Country village of Rouses Point , where it becomes Route 223 upon entering Quebec .
Oregon became a state on February 14 , 1859 , with prior sessions of the House organized under the territorial government and the provisional government .
The 1789 United States presidential election in Connecticut took place between December 15 , 1788 – January 10 , 1789 as part of the 1789 United States presidential election .
It is known from Canada ( Québec and Nova Scotia ) and the United States ( Illinois , Ohio , Maine , Maryland , New York , Michigan , Vermont and Connecticut ) .
According to Armen Takhtajan , Robert F . Thorne , and other geobotanists , the territory of the United States ( including Hawaii and Alaska ) is divided between three floristic kingdoms , six floristic regions and twelve floristic provinces , characterized by a certain degree of endemism :
Cape Wrangell is considered to be the westernmost point of Alaska and all of the United States by direction of travel .
The Windsor - 3 Representative District is a one member state Representative district in the U.S . state of Vermont .
Putnam County is a county located in the U.S . state of Tennessee .
The city is in the Aleutians West Census Area , a regional component of the Unorganized Borough in the U.S . state of Alaska .
The Sarasota metropolitan area is a metropolitan area on the western ( Gulf ) coast of the U.S . state of Florida .
The Nigu River is a tributary of the Etivluk River in the U.S . state of Alaska .
Mohawk State Forest is home to one of the few bogs in Connecticut .
Approved or signposted routes are currently located in the District of Columbia and 26 states : Alaska , Arizona , Connecticut , Florida , Georgia , Kentucky , Idaho , Illinois , Indiana , Kansas , Maine , Maryland , Massachusetts , Michigan , Minnesota , Missouri , Nevada , New Hampshire , North Carolina , Ohio , Pennsylvania , Tennessee , Utah , Vermont , Virginia , and Washington .
Electoral history of Bill Clinton , 42nd President of the United States ( 1993 – 2001 ) ; 40th and 42nd Governor of Arkansas ( 1979 – 1981 and 1983 – 1992 ) .
A widely discussed demographic phenomenon of the 1970s was the rise of the " Sun Belt " , a region encapsulating the Southwest , Southeast , and especially Florida and California ( surpassing New York as the nation's most populous state in 1964 ) .
The 1832 United States presidential election in Maine took place between November 2 and December 5 , 1832 , as part of the 1832 United States presidential election .
Ogden is a town in Monroe County , New York , USA .
This article shows U.S . Census totals for New Haven County , Connecticut , broken down by municipality , from 1900 to 2000 .
As classified by the United States Census Bureau , Kentucky is a Southern state , in the East South Central region .
Nevada ( ) is a state in the Western United States .
The 1789 United States presidential election in Maryland took place between December 15 , 1788 and January 10 , 1789 , as part of the 1788 – 1789 United States presidential election to elect the first President .
The geologic map of Georgia ( a state within the United States ) is a special - purpose map made to show geological features .
The Constitution of the State of Wisconsin is the governing document of the U.S . State of Wisconsin .
Saline County ( standard abbreviation : SA ) is a county located in the U.S . state of Kansas .
The 2012 United States presidential election in Alaska took place on November 6 , 2012 , as part of the 2012 General Election in which all 50 states plus The District of Columbia participated .
For millennia , the land now known as Kansas was inhabited by Native Americans .
The United States District Court for the District of Montana ( in case citations , D . Mont . ) is the United States District Court whose jurisdiction is the state of Montana ( except the part of the state within Yellowstone National Park , which is under the jurisdiction of the United States District Court for the District of Wyoming ) .
The estimated population of Colorado was 5,607,154 on July 1 , 2017 , an increase of 11.49 % since the 2010 United States Census .
The state of Alaska provides voting information in Iñupiaq , Central Yup'ik , Gwich'in , Siberian Yupik , Koyukon , and Tagalog , as well as English .
Yakima County is a county in the U.S . state of Washington .
The Chittenden - 1 - 1 Representative District is a one member state Representative district in the U.S . state of Vermont .
The Saint Regis Canoe Area in Adirondack Park is the largest wilderness canoe area in the Northeastern United States and the only designated canoe area in New York state .
Scholars in the United States have extensively studied this northern region , which became the states of Texas , New Mexico , Arizona , and California .
Located at the southern tip of the state of New York , the city is the center of the New York metropolitan area , the largest metropolitan area in the world by urban landmass and one of the world's most populous megacities , with an estimated 20,320,876 people in its 2017 Metropolitan Statistical Area and 23,876,155 residents in its Combined Statistical Area .
Clinton is a town in Rock County in the U.S . state of Wisconsin .
In 1919 Texas became the second state in the U.S . ( after California ) to outlaw marijuana .
The Beaver Islands State Wildlife Research Area is a networked set of insular properties of the U.S . state of Michigan .
The Great North Woods Region , also known as the North Country , is located at the northern tip of New Hampshire , United States , north of the White Mountains Region .
The 2016 United States presidential election in Louisiana was won by Donald Trump on November 8 , 2016 , as part of the 2016 General Election in which all 50 states plus The District of Columbia participated .
Pocahontas County is a county located in Iowa , United States .
Mississippi was admitted as a state on December 10 , 1817 from the western half of the former Mississippi Territory ( the eastern half became Alabama Territory ) .
In the U.S . state of Maine , U.S . Route 2 ( US 2 ) is a principal east – west route through the central portion of the state , extending from the New Hampshire border in Gilead to the town of Houlton near the Canadian border .
Bentsen - Rio Grande Valley State Park is located at 2800 S . Bentsen Palm Drive ( FM 2062 ) south of the city of Mission in Hidalgo County in the U.S . state of Texas .
New Jersey is a state within the United States of America that lies on the north eastern edge of the North American continent .
Maryland Route 611 ( MD 611 ) is a state highway in the U.S . state of Maryland .
Watoga State Park is the largest of West Virginia's state parks , covering slightly over .
There has historically been a lot of German American , Irish American and English American immigration to what is now the state of Oklahoma .
Isle Royale ( ) is an island of the Great Lakes , located in the northwest of Lake Superior , and part of the U.S . state of Michigan .
On November 11 , 1889 , President Benjamin Harrison authorized Washington to become the 42nd state of United States .
Mead is a town in Clark County in the U.S . state of Wisconsin .
According to the 2011 census , Rewari district has a population of 900,332 , roughly equal to the nation of Fiji or the US state of Delaware .
The California Coastal Commission is a state agency in the U.S . state of California with quasi - judicial regulatory oversight over land use and public access in the California coastal zone .
Evangeline Parish ( ) is a parish located in the U.S . state of Louisiana .
The Headwaters Wilderness is a wilderness area located within the Nicolet unit of the Chequamegon - Nicolet National Forest in northeastern Wisconsin .
Illinois was won by President Bill Clinton ( D ) over Senator Bob Dole ( R - KS ) , with Clinton winning 54.32 % to 36.81 % by a margin of 17.51 % .
In 1855 , two years after Washington was split from the Oregon Territory , the government of Washington signed various treaties with local tribes to compel natives to move onto reservations .
Also located in the Arrowhead is Minnesota's only mountain range , the Sawtooth Mountains .
The Windsor - 6 - 1 Representative District is a one member state Representative district in the U.S . state of Vermont .
Wood - Tikchik State Park is a state park in the U.S . state of Alaska north of Dillingham .
With a Census - estimated population of 7,869,820 in 2017 , constituting nearly 40 % of New York State's population , Long Island is the most populated island in any U.S . state or territory , and the 18th - most populous island in the world ( ahead of Ireland , Jamaica , and Hokkaidō ) .
This article establishes the boundaries of Arkansas as running from the Mississippi river on the east to the Oklahoma and Texas borders on the west , and bound by Missouri in the north and Louisiana in the south .
The 1948 United States presidential election in Colorado took place on November 2 , 1948 , as part of the 1948 United States presidential election .
According to the 2011 census Bareilly district has a population of 4,465,344 , roughly equal to the nation of Croatia or the US state of Louisiana .
This is a complete List of National Historic Landmarks in Utah .
The Shawnee National Forest is also the single largest publicly owned body of land in the state of Illinois .
Clinton is a village in Lenawee County in the Irish Hills area of the U.S . state of Michigan .
Mon Louis Island , originally known as Isle aux Maraguans , is an island on the coast of the U.S . state of Alabama , south of Mobile .
With a population of nearly 40 million as of 2018 , California has by far the largest annual state expenditures .
The 1964 United States presidential election in Oregon took place on November 3 , 1964 , as part of the 1964 United States presidential election .
It is widespread in Canada ( all 10 provinces and all 3 territories ) and is also found in parts of the United States ( Alaska , the Great Lakes region , the Appalachian Mountains , and the Northeast ) . "
Mississippi is one of only five states that elects its state officials in odd numbered years ( others being Kentucky , Louisiana , New Jersey , and Virginia ) .
Brevard County is a county in the U.S . state of Florida , along the coast of the Atlantic Ocean .
In 1853 , the northern boundary of the current state of Oregon was defined , with roughly half of the original Oregon Territory becoming the Washington Territory .
This is a list of mountain ranges in the state of Montana . Montana is the fourth largest state in the United States and is well known for its mountains .
The governors ( or equivalent ) in the following states , district , and territory may serve unlimited four - year terms : Connecticut , Idaho , Illinois , Iowa , Massachusetts , Minnesota , New York , North Dakota , Texas , Utah , Washington , Wisconsin , District of Columbia , and Puerto Rico .
U.S . Route 40 Scenic ( US 40 Scenic ) is a scenic route of US 40 in the U.S . state of Maryland .
Trump's performance in the state made it his second strongest state in the 2016 election after Wyoming .
The Seneca Nation of Indians , a tribe with territory within the bounds of New York State , has had the Seneca Party as the dominant party in its political system for several decades .
This is a comprehensive listing of all the bird species recorded in Acadia National Park , which is in the U.S . state of Maine .
Benton County is a county in the U.S . state of Oregon .
The Twin Falls Metropolitan Statistical Area , as defined by the United States Census Bureau , is an area consisting of two counties in the Magic Valley region of Idaho , anchored by the city of Twin Falls .
The portion in New York state is known as the federally recognized St . Regis Mohawk Reservation .
This is a list of law enforcement agencies in the state of Mississippi .
To address such issues , many of the states , such as New York and Maryland also have organized state " militia " forces or state guards which are under the control of the governor of a state ; however , many of these " militia " also act as a reserve for the National Guard and are thus a part of it ( this varies from state to state depending on individual state statutory laws ) .
Green Country , sometimes referred to as Northeast Oklahoma , is the northeastern portion of the U.S . state of Oklahoma , which lies west of the northern half of Arkansas , the southwestern corner of Missouri , and south of Kansas .
The following is a list of Louisiana state forests .
U.S . Route 341 ( US 341 ) is a U.S . highway entirely in the U.S . state of Georgia .
Table of United States congressional district boundary maps in the State of Maryland , presented chronologically .
Jessie M . Honeyman Memorial State Park , also known simply as Honeyman State Park , is in Lane County of the U.S . state of Oregon .
Along with the rest of California , Big Sur became part of Mexico when it gained independence from Spain in 1821 .
Ojibwe : " Waabanaki " , Abenaki : " Wabanakiyik " ) region , including present - day Connecticut .
The forests in the U.S . state of Texas have been an important resource since its earliest days and have played a major role in the state's history .
The Russian language is spoken in areas of some states , including New York , California , Washington , New Jersey , Illinois , Massachusetts , Pennsylvania , and Alaska .
It was another three and a half years before women were allowed to vote in Oregon . (
Funter Bay Seaplane Base is a state owned , public use seaplane base located in Funter Bay , in the Hoonah - Angoon Census Area of the U.S . state of Alaska .
There are 18 National Natural Landmarks in the U.S . state of Washington , out of nearly 600 National Natural Landmarks ( NNL ) in the United States .
Teton County is a county located in the U.S . state of Montana .
The government of Alabama is organized under the provisions of the 1901 Constitution of Alabama , the lengthiest constitution of any political entity in the world .
Harney County is a county located in the U.S . state of Oregon .
Western New York is in some contexts considered a sub - region of " Upstate New York " ( when that term is used to describe all of New York State outside Long Island and the New York City metropolitan area ) ; in other contexts it is considered a separate region from " Upstate . "
The government of the U.S . state of Missouri is organized into the state government and local government , including county government , and city and municipal government .
Peru is a town in Clinton County in the U.S . state of New York .
In the Americas , it occurs in the United States ( California , Connecticut , Florida , Louisiana , Massachusetts , Arizona , Hawaii and Texas ) , western and southern Mexico , Guatemala , Colombia , Barbados and on the Cayman Islands , Turks and Caicos Islands .
The Dakotas have a total area of 147,878 square miles ( 383,177 square kilometres ) , which would rank 4th among U.S . states , right before Montana .
The Hudson Highlands are mountains on both sides of the Hudson River in the U.S . state of New York , between Newburgh Bay and Haverstraw Bay , which form the northern region of the New York - New Jersey Highlands .
The first Illinois Constitution , ratified in 1818 , provided that a governor be elected every four years for a term starting on the first Monday in the December following an election .
The following is an alphabetical list of members of the United States House of Representatives from the state of Connecticut .
Although Puerto Ricans constitute over 9 percent of the Hispanic population in the United States , there are some states where Puerto Ricans make up over half of the Hispanic population , including Connecticut , where 57 percent of the state's Hispanics are of Puerto Rican descent and Pennsylvania , where Puerto Ricans make up 53 percent of the Hispanics .
Amatignak Island ( ) is a member of the Delarof Islands ( western Andreanof Islands ) , in Alaska's Aleutian archipelago .
Idaho was won by incumbent President Harry S . Truman ( D – Missouri ) , running with Senator Alben W . Barkley , with 49.98 percent of the popular vote , against Governor Thomas Dewey ( R – New York ) , running with Governor Earl Warren , with 47.26 percent of the popular vote .
The Mattawa Police Department ( MAPD ) currently consists of a police chief and four full - time , fully commissioned general authority Washington State police officers .
This is a list of political parties in the state of New York .
Once the southern portion of the Dakota Territory , South Dakota became a state on November 2 , 1889 simultaneously with North Dakota .
Since 1992 Nebraska has split its electoral votes between congressional districts .
Mississippi is a state located in the Southern United States that is divided into 82 counties and contains 63 census - designated places ( CDPs ) in 2018 .
Washington is often called Washington State or the state of Washington to distinguish it from Washington , D.C . Law of Washington History of Washington ( state ) Culture of Washington Economy of Washington Education in Washington
Tohatchi ( ) is a census - designated place ( CDP ) in McKinley County , New Mexico , United States .
Both the respective Idaho and Washington state legislatures among these three states have seen bills proposing secession or splintering .
Calhoun County is a county in the east central part of the U.S . state of Alabama .
Louisiana , which became the 18th state on April 30 , 1812 , cast its three electoral votes to Democratic Republican candidate and incumbent President James Madison in the states first presidential election .
Upson County is a county located in the west central Piedmont portion of the U.S . state of Georgia .
Cities and towns named for Van Buren include : Arkansas Indiana : Iowa Kentucky Louisiana Maine Michigan Missouri Minnesota Mississippi New York Ohio Tennessee Wisconsin Van Buren State Park and Van Buren Trail State Park in Michigan , and Ohio's Van Buren State Park and its Van Buren Lake are named for him .
Today , all states but Pennsylvania have completed the process of codifying all of their general statutory law into legal codes .
The Spaniards gave the name " Las Californias " to the peninsula and lands to the north , including both Baja California and Alta California , the region that became parts of the present - day U.S . states of California , Nevada , Utah , Arizona , and parts of Colorado and Wyoming .
Puget Sound is a sound along the northwestern coast of the U.S . state of Washington , an inlet of the Pacific Ocean , and part of the Salish Sea .
Southern and coastal Connecticut is the broad transition zone from the cold continental climates of the north to the milder subtropical climates to the south .
Wenona is a city in Marshall and LaSalle counties in the U.S . state of Illinois .
Chippewa County is a county located in the U.S . state of Minnesota .
Noxapaga River ( alternates : Kugrukruk and Kugirukuk ) is a tributary of the Kuzitrin River on the Seward Peninsula in the U.S . state of Alaska .
The state geologist and Director of the Geological Survey of Georgia was Sam M . Pickering , Jr . Since 1976 , several geological maps of Georgia , featuring the state's five distinct geologic regions , have been produced by the federal government .
Medicine Bow – Routt National Forest is the official title to a U.S . Forest Service managed area extending over in the states of Wyoming and Colorado , United States .
It was eliminated in 1812 , the same year that Louisiana became a U.S . state , when the Gulf of Mexico coastal lands ( between the Pearl River and the Perdido River ) were transferred to the Mississippi Territory .
Webster Parish ( French : " Paroisse de Webster " ) is a parish located in the northwestern section of the U.S . state of Louisiana .
They are located on the St . Marys River between Lake Superior and Lake Huron , between the Upper Peninsula of the US state of Michigan and the Canadian province of Ontario .
The region included all of the modern American states of California , Nevada and Utah , and parts of Arizona , Wyoming , Colorado and New Mexico .
New Jersey is one of only seven U.S . states ( with Arizona , Idaho , Maryland , North Dakota , South Dakota , and Washington ) in which districts for the upper and lower house of the legislature are coterminous .
There are eight counties in the U.S . state of Connecticut .
Greene County is a county located in the U.S . state of Ohio .
State Route 525 ( SR 525 ) is a state highway located in Snohomish and Island counties in the western region of the U.S . state of Washington .
Most recently on December 1 , 2009 , the Office of Management and Budget defined 1067 statistical areas for the United States , including 6 combined statistical areas , 11 metropolitan statistical areas , and 23 micropolitan statistical areas in the State of Illinois .
The following is a list of the officially designated symbols of the U.S . state of Missouri .
Clinton County is a county located in the U.S . state of Illinois .
Martin County is a county located in the U.S . state of Minnesota .
The Seward Peninsula is a large peninsula on the western coast of the U.S . state of Alaska .
Technically the voters of Alabama cast their ballots for electors : representatives to the Electoral College .
Most recently on December 1 , 2009 , the Office of Management and Budget defined 1067 statistical areas for the United States , including 2 combined statistical areas , 4 metropolitan statistical areas , and 17 micropolitan statistical areas in the State of Oklahoma .
The treaty gave the U.S . undisputed control of Texas , established the U.S . - Mexican border of the Rio Grande , and ceded to the United States the present - day states of California , Nevada , and Utah , most of New Mexico , Arizona and Colorado , and parts of Texas , Oklahoma , Kansas , and Wyoming .
The 1800 United States presidential election in Connecticut took place between October 31 and December 3 , 1800 , as part of the 1800 United States presidential election .
The Elwha River is a river on the Olympic Peninsula in the U.S . state of Washington .
The largest county in Wyoming , Sweetwater County is larger than six states and is the eighth - largest county in the United States ( not including boroughs and census areas in Alaska ) .
In the U.S . state of Maryland , US 29 is a major highway that emerges from Washington D.C . and runs north into eastern Montgomery County , stretching over through the state and terminating at Maryland Route 99 outside of Ellicott City .
Lincoln is the capital of the U.S . state of Nebraska and the county seat of Lancaster County .
The Duck River flows through the park and is the longest river located entirely within the U.S . state of Tennessee .
The Franklin - 5 Representative District is a two - member state Representative district in the U.S . state of Vermont .
The Washington State Park System is a set of state parks owned by the state government of Washington , USA .
The New York Court of Appeals is the highest court in the U.S . state of New York .
The politics the U.S . state of Hawaii take place within the framework of a Democrat - dominated government .
Takotna ( " Tocho’no " " in Upper Kuskokwim ) is a census - designated place ( CDP ) in the Yukon - Koyukuk Census Area , Alaska , United States .
Brecksville Reservation is the largest urban park in the U.S . state of Ohio .
S . catenatus " is found in North America from Ontario , Canada and western New York State southwest to southeastern Arizona in the United States and northern Tamaulipas , Mexico .
The Bluegrass region ( Shawnee : Eskippakithiki ) is a geographic region in the U.S . state of Kentucky .
State Route 10 ( SR 10 ) is a west – east state highway in the southern part of the U.S . state of Alabama .
Natural Landmarks in Alaska range from in size .
List of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Dutchess County , New York This is intended to be a complete list of the 258 properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Dutchess County , New York .
Taum Sauk Mountain in the Saint Francois Mountains is the highest natural point in the U.S . state of Missouri at 1,772 feet ( 540 m ) .
Under the Arizona Constitution , counties are politically and legally creatures of the state , and do not have charters of their own .
Cahokia ( and Kaskaskia and the rest of Illinois County ) officially became part of the United States by the Treaty of Paris ( 1783 ) , by which the United States took over former British territory west of the Appalachian Mountains .
It spans across the state of Washington , and is the only numbered highway to span the entire state from west to east , starting near the Pacific Ocean , and crossing the Idaho state line near Clarkston .
On December 7 , 1787 , Delaware became the first state to ratify the Constitution , and has since promoted itself as " " The First State " " .
Madison County is a county located in the state of Florida , in the center of its northern border with Georgia .
North Haven is a [ [ Administrative divisions of New York # Village | village ] on [ [ Long Island , New York | Long Island ] ] ( and thereby , specifically ) in [ [ Suffolk County , New York | Suffolk County ] ] , [ [ New York ( state ) | New York ] ] , United States .
There is no limit to the population of a village in New York ; Hempstead , the largest village in the state , has 55,000 residents , making it more populous than some of the state's cities .
The Columbia Plateau is a geologic and geographic region that lies across parts of the U.S . states of Washington , Oregon , and Idaho .
The Okanagan Country , also known as the Okanagan Valley , is a region located in the Canadian province of British Columbia , and the U.S . state of Washington ( where it is spelled the Okanogan Country ) , defined by the basin of Okanagan Lake and the Okanagan River .
OPRHP manages lands designated as state parks in New York , with the aims of providing public space for outdoor recreation while conserving natural and cultural resources .
On November 7 , 2006 , the state of Alaska held its general election .
During Edwards " terms as territorial governor , Illinois " population more than tripled , from 12,282 in 1810 to 40,258 in 1818 ( a census was finally conducted later that year ) .
New Mexico is divided into 3 congressional districts , each represented by a member of the United States House of Representatives .
Delaware was one of the 13 original states participating in the American Revolution and on December 7 , 1787 , became the first to ratify the Constitution of the United States .
Gov . Sean Parnell became the 12th Governor of Alaska .
This was the first time Tennessee elected its governors on a 4 year cycle .
Polk County is a county located in the U.S . state of Texas .
Technically the voters of Alaska cast their ballots for electors : representatives to the Electoral College .
St . Catherines Island is one of the Golden Isles on the coast of the U.S . state of Georgia , 20 miles ( 80 km ) south of Savannah in Liberty County .
According to the 2011 census Bundi district has a population of 1,113,725 , roughly equal to the nation of Cyprus or the US state of Rhode Island .
Gonzales County is a county in the U.S . state of Texas .
An autonomous government was formed in the Oregon Country in 1843 before the Oregon Territory was created in 1848 .
Dickinson is the name of some places in the U.S . state of New York :
It has also been introduced to the United States in the very southern tip of the state of Texas and in the state of Florida .
Some US states , such as Massachusetts and New York , have separate definitions that may differ from the federal government's .
Harrisburg is a village in Franklin and Pickaway counties in the U.S . state of Ohio .
The current area includes the old Oregon Territory ( created in 1848 – Oregon , Washington , Idaho , and areas in Montana west of the Continental Divide ) .
New York State Route 170 ( NY 170 ) is a north – south state highway in Herkimer County , New York , in the United States .
Keya Paha County ( ) is a county located in the U.S . state of Nebraska .
Todd County is a county located in the U.S . state of Kentucky .
It is known from Argentina ( Salta ) , Brazil ( Amazonas , Distrito Federal , Goias , Minas Gerais ) and the United States ( Alabama , Florida , Louisiana , Michigan , Mississippi and Texas ) Male , female .
Akiachak Airport is a state - owned public - use airport located in Akiachak , in the Bethel Census Area of the U.S . state of Alaska .
Vermont is located in the New England region of the Northeastern United States and comprises , making it the 45th - largest state .
This is a comprehensive listing of all the bird species recorded in Denali National Park and Preserve , which is in the U.S . state of Alaska .
The reservation is in southeastern Mason County , Washington .
Clinton County is a county located in the U.S . state of Iowa .
The Allegheny National Forest is a National Forest in northwestern Pennsylvania .
This is a list of forests and natural areas that are protected and managed by the state of Vermont .
Maryland was won by Governor Bill Clinton ( D - Arkansas ) with 49.80 % of the popular vote over incumbent President George H.W . Bush ( R - Texas ) with 35.62 % .
Hancock County is a county in the U.S . state of Illinois .
Key issues in Oregon include : Similar to the West Coast states of California and Washington , Oregon has a high percentage of people who identify as liberals .
In the U.S . state of Maryland , the route runs from the Virginia border south of Pocomoke City in Worcester County north to the Delaware border in Delmar , Wicomico County , where the route intersects Route 54 , which runs along the state line .
Richland County is a county in the U.S . state of Montana .
Texas is the second - largest state in the United States , with an area of and a population of 27.47 million in 254 counties .
Large urban clusters are spread throughout the eastern half of the United States ( particularly the Great Lakes area , northeast , east , and southeast ) and the western tier states ; mountainous areas , principally the Rocky Mountains and Appalachian chain , deserts in the southwest , the dense boreal forests in the extreme north , and the central prairie states are less densely populated ; Alaska's population is concentrated along its southern coast - with particular emphasis on the city of Anchorage - and Hawaii's is centered on the island of Oahu .
The word " Connecticut " is derived from various anglicized spellings of an Algonquian word for " long tidal river " .
Schenectady County is located in east central New York State , northwest of Albany , an area usually considered " Upstate " .
The U.S . state of West Virginia currently has three congressional districts , each represented by a member of the United States House of Representatives .
Governor Bob McDonnell was term - limited in 2013 , as Governors of Virginia cannot serve consecutive terms .
Instead , the Indian Territory , along with Oklahoma Territory were both incorporated into the new state of Oklahoma in 1907 .
The coastal states that have shoreline on the Atlantic Ocean are , from north to south , Maine , New Hampshire , Massachusetts , Rhode Island , Connecticut , New York , New Jersey , Delaware , Maryland , Virginia , North Carolina , South Carolina , Georgia , and Florida .
The 1988 United States presidential election in Arizona took place on November 8 , 1988 .
Today the name " California " is applied to the Baja California Peninsula , the Gulf of California ( also known as the Sea of Cortés or Cortez ) , the U.S . State of California , and the Mexican states of Baja California and Baja California Sur .
Clinton recorded large margins in large states such as California , Illinois and New York , winning California by a margin of nearly 4.3 million votes , while coming closer to winning , but still losing by a significant margin Texas , Arizona and Georgia than any Democratic nominee since the turn of the millennium .
Alexandria is a town in the Thousand Islands region of the U.S . state of New York , within Jefferson County .
Following is a table of United States presidential elections in Indiana , ordered by year .
Harvey County ( county code HV ) is a county located in the U.S . state of Kansas .
Pewamo is a village in Lyons Township , Ionia County in the U.S . state of Michigan .
Newellton is a town in northern Tensas Parish in the northeastern part of the U.S . state of Louisiana .
The Secretary of State is the keeper of the official records , laws , and Great Seal of Illinois . These duties have remained unchanged since Illinois became a U.S . state in 1818 .
The territorial era of Minnesota lasted from the Louisiana Purchase in 1803 to Minnesota's achieving statehood in 1858 .
The first state created from the Northwest Territory was Ohio , in 1803 , at which time the remainder was renamed Indiana Territory .
Hernando County is a county located in the U.S . state of Florida .
United States gubernatorial elections were held in 1958 , in 34 states , concurrent with the House and Senate elections , on November 4 , 1958 ( September 8 in Maine , November 25 in Alaska ) . Alaska held its first gubernatorial election on achieving statehood .
San Miguel Island , together with numerous small islets around it , is defined by the United States Census Bureau as Block 3010 , Block Group 3 , Census Tract 29.10 of Santa Barbara County , California .
The National Park Service has designated eleven National Natural Landmarks in Massachusetts .
Utah is a state located in the Western United States . ,
Lewis is the name of several places in the U.S . state of New York :
The Cary State Forest is in the U.S . state of Florida .
Idaho was admitted to the Union on July 3 , 1890 .
The island comprises four counties in the U.S . state of New York .
After 1847 , California was controlled ( with much difficulty due to desertions ) by a U.S . Army - appointed military governor and an inadequate force of a little over 600 troops .
The 1988 United States presidential election in Oregon took place on November 8 , 1988 , as part of the 1988 United States presidential election .
Muscle Shoals National Heritage Area is a federally designated National Heritage Area in the northwestern portion of the U.S . state of Alabama .
With 6,158,824 inhabitants as of 2017 , the Miami metropolitan area is the most populous in Florida and second largest in the southeastern United States , extending some 120 miles from north to south .
The State Bar of New Mexico ( SBNM ) is the integrated ( mandatory ) bar association of the U.S . state of New Mexico .
Washington County is a county located in the U.S . state of Vermont .
The largest state park system in the United States is Alaska State Parks , with over 100 sites encompassing 3.3 million acres .
The park contains at least 23 distinct ecological communities , making it the largest and most biodiverse of Georgia's barrier islands .
There are 49 Legislative Districts in Washington State .
McCone County is a county located in the U.S . state of Montana .
Wyoming County is a county in the U.S . state of New York in the state's western area .
McKinley is an unorganized territory in Kittson County , Minnesota , United States .
The municipalities in the district are : Taluks in Alappuzha municipality are : Taluks in Chengannur municipality are : According to the 2011 census , Alappuzha district has a population of 2,121,943 , roughly equal to the nation of Namibia or the US state of New Mexico .
Reach Island , or Treasure Island , is an island in Case Inlet in the southern part of Puget Sound in the state of Washington , United States .
The following is an alphabetical list of articles related to the U.S . state of Indiana .
Following the storm , then - President of the United States Richard Nixon declared 14 counties in Florida as a disaster area , including : Brevard County , Dixie County , Franklin County , Hendry County , Hillsborough County , Lee County , Levy County , Manatee County , Monroe County , Okeechobee County , Pasco County , Pinellas County , Sarasota County , and Wakulla County .
The U.S . state of Oregon has 27 official emblems , as designated by the Oregon State Legislature .
Stretch Island is an island in Case Inlet in the southern part of Puget Sound in the U.S . state of Washington .
The Shasta – Trinity National Forest is a federally designated forest in northern California , USA .
Sanford is a city in Lee County , North Carolina , United States .
The United States Census Bureau has determined that Illinois has 3,227 special - purpose governments as of June 30 , 2012 ; the most of any U.S . state .
Harbor Beach is a city in Huron County in the U.S . state of Michigan .
Its range extends into northern parts of the United States : in Alaska , the Great Lakes region , and the upper Northeast .
Minnesota's eight seats in the United States House of Representatives were up for election .
Under the same , the Constitution only applied fully in incorporated territories such as Alaska and Hawaii , whereas it only applied partially in the new unincorporated territories of Puerto Rico , Guam and the Philippines .
are a group of small islands that extend for 0.3 mi into the mouth of Chichagof Harbor on the northeast side of Attu Island in the Aleutians West Census Area of the U.S . state of Alaska .
Massillon is a city in Stark County in the U.S . state of Ohio , approximately west of Canton , south of Akron , and south of Cleveland .
In the United States , it is found in Alabama , Arizona , California , Florida , New York , Texas , Washington , and Wisconsin .
This is a list of rivers in the U.S . state of Illinois :
The Minnesota Supreme Court is the highest court in the U.S . state of Minnesota .
It is found in North America , where it has been recorded from the United States ( from Pennsylvania to Mississippi and in California ) and from Canada ( from Alberta to Quebec ) .
List of census - designated places in Mississippi , arranged in alphabetical order .
Egg Island ( ) is a small island in the Fox Islands subgroup of the Aleutian Islands in the U.S . state of Alaska .
South Dakota is in the north - central United States , and is considered a part of the Midwest by the U.S . Census Bureau ; it is also part of the Great Plains region .
United States gubernatorial elections were held on November 7 , 2017 in two states : Virginia and New Jersey .
The Green River is the largest tributary of the North Fork Toutle River in the U.S . state of Washington .
Pearl Beach is an unincorporated community in St . Clair County in the U.S . state of Michigan and a Census - designated place ( CDP ) used for statistical purposes .
The United States Census Bureau estimates that the population of Utah was 2,995,919 on July 1 , 2015 , an 8.40 % increase since the 2010 United States Census .
Home to approximately 7.68 million people , Northern California's nine - county Bay Area contains many cities , towns , airports , and associated regional , state , and national parks , connected by a complex multimodal transportation network .
Iowa County is a county located in the U.S . state of Iowa .
By 1850 , the island appears on a charts of the bay labeled Brooks Island , a name that was formalized in the state legislature's definitive map of California in 1853 .
The Central Oregon Coast Range is the middle section of the Oregon Coast Range , in the Pacific Coast Ranges physiographic region , and located in the west - central portion of the state of Oregon , United States roughly between the Salmon River and the Umpqua River and the Willamette Valley and the Pacific Ocean .
Makoshika State Park ( " ma - KO - sh ( ih ) kuh " from the Lakota " Maco sica , " meaning " bad land " or " land of bad spirits " ) is the largest of Montana's state parks at more than 11,000 acres ( 45 km ² ) .
The convention adjourned on July 28 , was approved by public vote on the first Wednesday in September , and became effective on October 31 , when on that date President Abraham Lincoln declared Nevada to be a state .
Florida's 9th congressional district is a congressional district in the U.S . state of Florida .
The Oregon Constitution does not explicitly provide for county seats ; Article VI , covering the " Administrative Department " of the state of Oregon , simply states that : More details on the etymologies of Oregon county names and place names in general are documented in " Oregon Geographic Names " .
There are three major mountain ranges in New York : the Adirondack Mountains , the Catskill Mountains , and part of the Appalachian Mountains .
U.S . Route 101 ( US 101 ) , is a major north – south U.S . Highway in Oregon that runs through the state along the coastline near the Pacific Ocean .
While the U.S . state of Washington is considered a solidly Democratic state , it mainly elected Republican candidates during its first forty years of statehood .
In West Virginia , US 522 runs from the Virginia state line near Ridge north to the Maryland state line at the Potomac River in Hancock just south of Hancock , Maryland .
Similarly , California is also represented in the US Congress by fifty - three Congressional Representatives representing the fifty - three congressional districts in the state .
Key West is an unincorporated community in Polk County , in the U.S . state of Minnesota .
The 1944 United States presidential election in Louisiana took place on November 7 , 1944 , as part of the 1944 United States presidential election .
The claimed territory included all of the modern American states of California , Nevada and Utah , and parts of Arizona , Wyoming , Colorado and New Mexico .
Unique among the United States , Alaska is not entirely subdivided into organized county equivalents .
United States gubernatorial elections were held on November 3 , 2009 in the states of New Jersey and Virginia as well as in the U.S . commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands on November 7 , 2009 .
Stallings is a suburban town in Union and Mecklenburg counties in the U.S . state of North Carolina .
Western Connecticut is a geographic region of Connecticut , defined by the Connecticut Council of Governments as being located in the southwest corner of the state .
The protected areas of Georgia cover almost one million acres ( 4,000 km ² ) of the state .
Thomas County ( standard abbreviation : TH ) is a county located in the U.S . state of Kansas .
The 1996 United States presidential election in Ohio took place on November 5 , 1996 .
Oregon’s bill of rights contains most of the rights and privileges granted in the United States Bill of Rights and the main text of the United States Constitution .
Goodhue County is a county located in the U.S . state of Minnesota .
Whitman National Forest was established in Oregon on July 1 , 1908 with from part of Blue Mountains National Forest .
The state of Maine has a long history of coastal management in all forms dating back to the 1960s , which was then eventually codified into written law in 1978 after the " Blizzard of 1978 " .
Jimmie Davis State Park is one of twenty - two state parks in the U.S . state of Louisiana .
Mattawan is a village in Antwerp Township , Van Buren County of the U.S . state of Michigan .
Susana M . Martinez ( born July 14 , 1959 ) is an American politician and attorney serving as the 31st and current Governor of New Mexico since 2011 .
The Governor of Minnesota is the chief executive of the U.S . state of Minnesota , leading the state's executive branch .
Pondera County is a county located in the U.S . state of Montana .
West Virginia Day is a state holiday in the US state of West Virginia .
Western Oregon is a geographical term that is generally taken to mean the part of Oregon within of the Oregon Coast , on the west side of the crest of the Cascade Range .
This is a list of state parks and state historic sites in Missouri .
Brigantine is an island city in Atlantic County , New Jersey , United States .
This page lists census - designated places ( CDPs ) in the U.S . state of Vermont .
By the early part of the 21st century , it was naturalised in fourteen states ( Connecticut , Delaware , Illinois , Kentucky , Maine , Michigan , North Carolina , New Jersey , New York , Pennsylvania , Rhode Island and Washington , D.C . ) , and in the Canadian provinces of British Columbia , New Brunswick , Nova Scotia and Ontario .
In the U.S . state of New York , US 202 extends from the New Jersey state line near Suffern to the Connecticut state line east of Brewster .
At the conclusion of this conflict , the U.S . had added some one million square miles of territory , including what today are the states of Texas , Arizona , New Mexico , and California , as well as portions of Colorado , Wyoming , Utah , and Nevada .
The town is located in the upper San Juan Basin , surrounded by the 3 million acre ( 12,000 km ² ) San Juan National Forest , and adjacent to the largest wilderness area in the state of Colorado , the Weminuche Wilderness .
Oregon was won by Democratic nominee Barack Obama with a 16.4 % margin of victory .
Adams County is a county in the U.S . state of Washington .
This is a list of airports in Wisconsin ( a U.S . state ) , grouped by type and sorted by location .
There are the several reservations in New York : Cayuga Nation of New York ( ~ 450 , ) St . Regis Mohawk Reservation ( 3248 in 2014 ) , Onondaga Reservation ( 473 in 2014 ) , Oneida Indian Nation ( ~ 1000 ) , Seneca Nation of New York ( ~ 8000 ) and the Tuscarora Reservation ( 1100 in 2010 ) .
This is a list of Native American place names in the U.S . state of Nebraska .
Carbon County is a county in the U.S . state of Montana .
Kachemak Bay is home to Alaska's only state wilderness park , Kachemak Bay State Park .
Wyoming is one of only three states ( along with Colorado and Utah ) to have borders along only straight latitudinal and longitudinal lines , rather than being defined by natural landmarks .
The 1792 United States presidential election in Connecticut took place between November 2 and December 5 , 1792 as part of the 1792 United States presidential election .
Erie County is a highly populated county in the U.S . state of New York .
Hawaii last elected a Republican Senator in 1970 , and its current delegation to the United States Congress currently consists entirely of Democrats .
Attu ( ) is the westernmost and largest island in the Near Islands group of the Aleutian Islands of Alaska , and the westernmost point of land relative to Alaska , the United States , and America .
West Branch Township is a civil township of Ogemaw County in the U.S . state of Michigan .
The Constitution of the State of Nevada is the organic law of the state of Nevada , and the basis for Nevada's statehood as one of the United States .
Sam Houston Jones State Park is a park near the city of Lake Charles , Calcasieu Parish , in southwestern Louisiana ( USA ) located at the confluence of the Houston and Calcasieu Rivers and Indian Bayou .
Polk County is a county located in the U.S . state of North Carolina .
This is a list of hiking trails in the U.S . state of Alabama .
It provided that Ohio " had become one of the United States of America , " and that Federal law " shall have the same force and effect within the said State of Ohio , as elsewhere within the United States . "
In the state election of 1900 , Thomas C . Platt wanted to " rid himself " of Theodore Roosevelt from the governorship of New York .
The 1940 United States presidential election in New Mexico took place on November 5 , 1940 .
Cape Alava , in Clallam County , Washington , U.S . , is the westernmost point in the contiguous 48 states .
Tojo wanted Japan to annex Australia ; Australian New Guinea ; British India ( all of modern India , Pakistan and Bangladesh ) ; Ceylon ( modern Sri Lanka ) ; New Zealand ; the Canadian province of British Columbia and the Yukon Territory ; the American state of Washington and the territories of Alaska and Hawaii ; and to take Ecuador , Columbia , Honduras , Panama , El Salvador , Guatemala , Nicaragua , Costa Rica , British Honduras , Cuba , Jamaica , Haiti and the rest of the West Indies .
It is the wettest city in Alaska and the United States , receiving significantly more annual precipitation than Yakutat and Ketchikan which are the second - and third - wettest cities in Alaska , respectively .
Most recently on December 1 , 2009 , the Office of Management and Budget defined 1067 statistical areas for the United States , including one combined statistical area , six metropolitan statistical areas , and eight micropolitan statistical areas in the State of Idaho .
Colbert County ( ) is a county of the U.S . state of Alabama .
The State of North Carolina has a group of protected areas known as the North Carolina State Park System , which is managed by the North Carolina Division of Parks and Recreation ( NCDPR ) , an agency of the North Carolina Department of Natural and Cultural Resources ( NCDNCR ) .
The 2012 United States presidential election in Minnesota took place on November 6 , 2012 , as part of the 2012 General Election in which all 50 states plus The District of Columbia participated .
In the first part of the 1840s , the modern state of California was part of a larger province of Mexico , called " Alta California " .
The Chengwatana State Forest is a state forest located in Pine and Chisago counties in Minnesota .
Lewis and Clark County is a county located in the U.S . state of Montana .
Saginaw Bay is a bay within Lake Huron located on the eastern side of the U.S . state of Michigan .
The 2012 United States House of Representatives elections in Alabama were held on Tuesday , November 6 , 2012 to elect the seven U.S . Representatives from the state , one from each of the state's seven congressional districts .
According to Bill Wagner , an author writing for High Times , " Members of the Seneca Nation of Indians in western New York state voted up a referendum Nov . 3 giving tribal leaders approval to move towards setting up a medical marijuana business on their territories .
Hendren is a town in Clark County in the U.S . state of Wisconsin .
Georgia was a member of the Continental Congress , a signer of the Declaration of Independence , the tenth state to ratify the Articles of Confederation on July 24 , 1778 , and the fourth state to be admitted to the Union under the U.S . Constitution , on January 2 , 1788 .
The Great Swamp , also known as the Great Patterson Swamp , is located in eastern Putnam and Dutchess counties , in the U.S . state of New York .
This article shows U.S . Census totals for Sagadahoc County , Maine , broken down by municipality , from 1900 to 2000 .
In the area where today's Coast Salish reside , in a wide coastal strip of South Coast of British Columbia and in the Puget Sound are of the U.S . state of Washington , and in certain coastal areas of Oregon , traces of human presence date back over ten thousand years .
The state with the highest percentage rate of growth was Nevada , while the state with the largest population increase was Texas .
Illinois was admitted to the Union on December 3 , 1818 , and has been represented in the United States Senate by 47 senators .
The 2016 United States presidential election in Wyoming was held on November 8 , 2016 , as part of the 2016 General Election in which all 50 states plus The District of Columbia participated .
There are 67 counties in the state of Florida .
It is known from every province in Canada , plus the US States of Alaska , Oregon , Washington , Idaho , Montana , Maine , New Hampshire , Vermont , and New York .
The geography of New York state varies widely .
The New England District is one of the 35 districts of the Lutheran Church – Missouri Synod ( LCMS ) , and encompasses all six New England states : Maine , New Hampshire , Vermont , Massachusetts , Rhode Island and Connecticut .
The Bennington - 2 - 1 Representative District is a two - member state Representative district in the U.S . state of Vermont .
Special purpose districts in Illinois are forms of local government that are responsible for a narrow set of responsibilities .
The first readmission of Georgia to the Union occurred in 1868 .
Guss Island is a small island in the San Juan Islands of the U.S . state of Washington .
The Connecticut Supreme Court , formerly known as the Connecticut Supreme Court of Errors , is the highest court in the U.S . state of Connecticut .
LaSalle County is located in the North Central region of the U.S . state of Illinois ; it has an estimated population of 111,241 as of 2014 and its county seat and largest city is Ottawa .
The Territory of Colorado was organized on February 28 , 1861 , and on August 1 , 1876 , U.S . President Ulysses S . Grant signed Proclamation 230 admitting Colorado to the Union as the 38th state .
Creston is a village in Medina and Wayne counties in the U.S . state of Ohio .
Washington County is a county in Texas .
Elysian is a city in Le Sueur and Waseca counties in the U.S . state of Minnesota .
The history of Oklahoma refers to the history of the state of Oklahoma and the land that the state now occupies .
The Government of Mississippi is the government of the U.S . state of Mississippi .
In Oregon , once an initiative amendment to its constitution has been placed on the ballot by initiative petition , or once a legislative amendment has been referred to the people by a simple majority vote in the state legislature , a simple majority of favorable votes is enough to ratify it .
Table of United States congressional district boundary maps in the State of Kansas , presented chronologically .
Ohio County is one of four counties in the United States to border a state with which it shares the same name ( the other three counties are Nevada County , California , Texas County , Oklahoma , and Delaware County , Pennsylvania ) .
Unlike most other states outside of New England , where incorporated cities and towns are usually separated by unincorporated territory under the jurisdiction of a county , incorporated cities and towns encompass all of the territory within the state of Connecticut with no portion of the state being unincorporated .
It was created as a United States Territory by the Northwest Ordinance July 13 , 1787 , reduced to Ohio , eastern Michigan and a sliver of southeastern Indiana with the formation of Indiana Territory July 4 , 1800 , and ceased to exist March 1 , 1803 , when the southeastern portion of the territory was admitted to the Union as the state of Ohio , and the remainder attached to Indiana Territory .
Each new state could adopt different laws , either stricter or more lenient , on these issues than what California currently has on the books .
It is in Franklin County , Florida , United States .
California has not been mapped yet .
The Sky Lakes Wilderness is a wilderness area located in the Rogue River – Siskiyou and Fremont – Winema national forests in the southern Cascade Range of Oregon in the United States .
Greater Orlando , commonly referred to as the Orlando metropolitan area , Metro Orlando , and for U.S . Census purposes as the Orlando – Kissimmee – Sanford , Florida Metropolitan Statistical Area , is a metropolitan area in the central region of the U.S . state of Florida .
Alaska is the largest state in the United States by area , but is one of the smallest in population .
Carroll County is a county located in the U.S . state of Tennessee .
The Miss Massachusetts USA competition is the pageant that selects the representative for the state of Massachusetts in the Miss USA pageant .
According to the 2011 census North West Delhi has a population of 3,651,261 , roughly equal to the nation of Liberia or the US state of Oklahoma .
The U.S . state of Arkansas currently has four United States congressional districts .
The California State Senate is the upper house of the California State Legislature , the state legislature of the U.S . state of California , the lower house being the California State Assembly .
The Lee Metcalf Wilderness is located in the U.S . state of Montana .
Atlas of Oregon Wildlife . Oregon State Press .
Greene County is a county located in the U.S . state of Pennsylvania .
He is best known for his claim to have explored the Strait of Anián , now known as the Strait of Juan de Fuca , between Vancouver Island ( now part of British Columbia , Canada ) and the Olympic Peninsula ( northwestern Washington state , United States ) .
The study claims that in 11 states , Louisiana , which has the highest rate , followed by North Carolina , Ohio , Kentucky , Texas , New Mexico , Kansas , South Carolina , Tennessee , Idaho and Arkansas , more than 20 percent of children under 5 are allegedly at risk of going hungry . (
The highway , now a spur route of US 91 via its connection to US 191 , runs through Colorado , New Mexico , and Utah , as well as the tribal nations of the Navajo Nation and Ute Mountain Ute Tribe .
The New York State Department of Transportation defines the northern lobe of the state as part of the Adirondack Region , which includes the counties of Clinton , Essex , Franklin , Hamilton , Jefferson , Lewis , St . Lawrence , and Warren .
Center Island is one of the San Juan Islands in San Juan County , Washington , United States .
Bitterroot National Forest comprises 1.587 million acres ( 6,423 km ² ) in west - central Montana and eastern Idaho , of the United States .
Elephant Butte is a 7,380 ft summit in the Picket Range , a subset of the North Cascades Range of Washington , United States .
Port Heiden Airport is a state owned , public use airport located six nautical miles ( 7 mi , 11 km ) northeast of the central business district of Port Heiden , in the Lake and Peninsula Borough of the U.S . state of Alaska .
The reservation is the second - largest in Minnesota ( after the White Earth Indian Reservation ) in terms of land area , and the largest in terms of total area .
They are primarily concentrated in six states : California , Texas , Florida , New York , New Jersey , and Illinois .
It has been the official state insect of the U.S . State of Maryland since 1973 .
Mississippi was admitted as a state in 1817 during the 15th Congress , adding one seat .
The Okanogan Conservation District is a sub - division of Washington State government formed under Chapter 89.08 of the Revised Code of Washington .
Hawadax Island , Alaska was declared rat free after 229 years and Campbell Island , New Zealand after almost 200 years .
On January 27 , 1789 , the New York State Legislature divided the State of New York into six congressional districts which were not numbered .
Five of New York's 29 congressional districts are located on Long Island .
The Essex - Caledonia Representative District is a one member state Representative district in the U.S . state of Vermont .
Shuyak Island is an island in the northern part of the Kodiak Archipelago in the state of Alaska , USA .
U.S . Route 9 ( US 9 ) is a north – south United States highway in the states of Delaware , New Jersey , and New York in the United States .
The Chittenden - 1 - 2 Representative District is a one member state Representative district in the U.S . state of Vermont .
Jefferson is a town in Ashe County , North Carolina , United States .
The county is home to the Davis Mountains , the highest mountain range located entirely within the state of Texas .
The table below describes the 6 United States statistical areas and 16 counties of the State of Maine with the following information :
Arkansas ( ) is a state in the southern region of the United States , home to over 3 million people as of 2017 .
Coffee County is a county located in the U.S . state of Georgia .
In Mississippi and Kentucky , general elections took place on 2 November 1971 .
According to the 2011 census , Gorakhpur district has a population of 4,440,895 , roughly equal to the nation of Croatia or the US state of Kentucky .
Lincoln County is a county located in the U.S . state of Oregon .
is the Federal district court whose jurisdiction comprises the state of Wyoming and those portions of Yellowstone National Park situated in Montana and Idaho .
Located on the Seward Peninsula of the U.S . state of Alaska near the city of Wales , Cape Prince of Wales is the terminus of the Continental Divide , marking the division between the Pacific and Arctic coasts , as well as marking the limit between the Bering Sea and the Chukchi Sea .
Nevada was won by Democratic nominee Barack Obama with a 12.5 % margin of victory .
South Carolina is a state located in the Southern United States .
The 2000 United States presidential election in Connecticut took place on November 7 , 2000 , and was part of the 2000 United States presidential election .
Florida's 6th congressional district is a congressional district in the U.S . state of Florida .
The 2016 United States presidential election in Utah was held on November 8 , 2016 , as part of the 2016 presidential election which was also held in the other 49 states and in the District of Columbia .
Padre Island is the second - largest island by area in the contiguous United States , after Long Island in New York on the Atlantic Coast .
Texas also has 3 of the 10 cities in the U.S . with populations greater than 1 million , and is tied with California for the most of any state .
U.S . Route 378 ( US 378 ) is a spur of US 78 in the U.S . states of Georgia and South Carolina .
Same - sex marriage in the U.S . state of Missouri is legal under the U.S . Supreme Court's landmark ruling in " Obergefell v . Hodges " , which struck down state bans on marriages between two people of the same sex on June 26 , 2015 .
According to the 2011 census , the Barpeta district has a population of 1,693,190 , roughly equal to the nation of Guinea - Bissau or the US state of Idaho .
This is a list of Oregon judges that have served within the confines of the United States in the state of Oregon , as well as people from Oregon that have served in federal courts outside of the state .
Baldwin County is a county of the U.S . state of Alabama .
This is a list of mountains in the state of Maine .
This would make Nevada a majority minority state joining California , Texas , New Mexico , Hawaii , and the District of Columbia .
Since becoming a U.S . state in 1959 , Alaska has been entitled to one member in the United States House of Representatives , elected in the State's sole , at - large congressional district .
The following railroads operate in the U.S . state of Nevada .
Cattaraugus Reservation is an Indian reservation in Cattaraugus County , New York , United States .
The 2008 presidential , senatorial and congressional elections in Oregon were held on November 4 , 2008 , to determine the President , Oregon's Junior United States Senator , and who would represent the state of Oregon in the United States House of Representatives .
Arkansas is a state located in the Southern United States .
California has the most ( nine ) , followed by Alaska ( eight ) , Utah ( five ) , and Colorado ( four ) .
The State of Washington holds its gubernatorial election every fourth year , concurrent with the United States presidential election .
Since its admission to statehood in 1850 , California has participated in every U.S . presidential election .
Franklin County is a county located in the U.S . state of Mississippi .
Connecticut is known as the " constitution state . "
Its holdings included present - day California , New Mexico , Nevada , Arizona and Texas , all of which were part of the Republic of Mexico from its independence in 1821 until the end of the Mexican – American War in 1848 .
Washingtonia is a genus of palms , native to the southwestern United States ( in southern California , southwest Arizona , Nevada , and Texas ) and northwest Mexico ( in northern Baja California and Sonora ) .
The Medford metropolitan area is a metropolitan area in the U.S . state of Oregon centered on the principal city of Medford , Oregon .
Leake County is a county located in the U.S . state of Mississippi .
The Legislative Assembly is the legislative body of the U.S . state of Oregon , composed of the Oregon State Senate and the Oregon House of Representatives . )
The state of Wisconsin is covered by the following area codes :
This is a list of state forests in Illinois .
Love County is a county on the southern border of the U.S . state of Oklahoma .
Kit Carson County is one of the 64 counties in the U.S . state of Colorado .
Scott County ( standard abbreviation : SC ) is a county located in the U.S . state of Kansas .
Kittson County is a county located in the U.S . state of Minnesota along the Canada – US border .
Election law in New Mexico prior to 1960 dictated that if a seat was vacated by resignation or death , the term would expire naturally without a special election .
The Windham - 6 Representative District is a one member state Representative district in the U.S . state of Vermont .
Billings is the largest city in the U.S . state of Montana , and the principal city of the Billings Metropolitan Area with a population of 170,498 .
Holmes Island is an island in the U.S . state of Washington .
The area is bigger than 47 of the 50 states , with only California , Texas and Alaska itself being bigger than the county size .
Chenango County is a county located in the south - central section U.S . state of New York .
Virginia ( ) , officially the Commonwealth of Virginia , is a state in the Southeastern and Mid - Atlantic regions of the United States located between the Atlantic Coast and the Appalachian Mountains .
According to the 2005 Scholastic Book of World Records , Louisiana has the largest alligator population .
Colorado has approximately 550 mountain peaks that exceed 4000 meters elevation .
Cass County is a county located in the western part of the U.S . state of Missouri .
According to the 2011 census Gonda district has a population of 3,433,919 , roughly equal to the nation of Panama or the US state of Connecticut .
A general election was held in the U.S . state of Idaho on November 4 , 2014 .
Lafayette Parish ( ) is a parish located in the U.S . state of Louisiana .
According to the 2011 census Shimoga district has a population of 1,755,512 , which is roughly equal to population of the nation Gambia and the state of Nebraska of the United States .
Cape Arago State Park is a state park in the U.S . state of Oregon , administered by the Oregon Parks and Recreation Department .
Maine was admitted to the Union on March 15 , 1820 .
The Orleans - 1 Representative District is a two - member state Representative district in the U.S . state of Vermont .
The Minnesota Legislature is the bicameral legislature of the U.S . state of Minnesota consisting of two houses : the Senate and the House of Representatives .
Lolo National Forest is a national forest located in western Montana , United States with the western boundary being the state of Idaho .
Fayette County is a county of the U.S . state of Alabama .
This is a list of National Historic Landmarks in Vermont .
The population exceeded 19.7 million by December 2014 , surpassing the population of the state of New York for the first time .
Due to its long history , New York has several overlapping and often conflicting definitions of regions within the state .
As of 2016 , five states are majority minority : Hawaii , California , New Mexico , Texas , and Nevada .
New Mexico is the first state to adopt a state question : " Red or green ? " [ [
It encompasses in Southeastern Alaska , in the United States .
California occupies a broad climate space , spanning alpine zones , temperate rain forests , ecosystems , and deserts .
Hawaii has voted Democratic in every presidential election since 1988 .
The rock is adjacent to the Canadian province of New Brunswick and the U.S . state of Maine .
Boyd is a village in Chippewa County in the U.S . state of Wisconsin .
Seeking to augment the political power of the free states , the Republican led U.S . Congress hurriedly admitted the portion of the Territory of Kansas east of the 25th meridian west from Washington to the Union as the free State of Kansas on January 29 , 1861 .
Illinois had entered the union as the twenty - first state and southern Illinois had been settled in by the frontier settlers .
The Constitution of the State of Vermont is the fundamental body of law of the U.S . state of Vermont .
Province Island ( ) is an island mostly in the Canadian province of Québec , but partly in the U.S . state of Vermont .
Green Bluff is a small unincorporated farming community and census - designated place in Spokane County in the U.S . state of Washington , and the name of a nearby cliff .
The Delaware River Region refers to an area in western New Jersey ( USA ) along the Delaware River border with Pennsylvania .
Brazeau is a town in Oconto County , Wisconsin , United States .
Wyandot County is a county located in the U.S . state of Ohio .
This article shows U.S . Census totals for Sullivan County , New Hampshire , broken down by municipality , from 1900 to 2010 .
South Dakota is the 17th most extensive , but the 5th least populous and the 5th least densely populated of the 50 United States .
There are 99 counties in the U.S . state of Iowa .
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Sandoval County , New Mexico , United States .
Clio is a city in Genesee County in the U.S . state of Michigan .
List of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Oneida County , New York This is intended to be a complete list of properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Oneida County , New York .
The Commonwealth is bordered by Delaware to the southeast , Maryland to the south , West Virginia to the southwest , Ohio to the west , Lake Erie and the Canadian province of Ontario to the northwest , New York to the north , and New Jersey to the east .
Clarence is a hamlet and census - designated place ( CDP ) within the town of Clarence in Erie County , New York , United States .
According to the Southern California Association of Government's 2016 Demographic and Growth Forecast , the population of Glendale is expected to reach about 214,000 by 2040 , an increase of about 11 percent from 2012 .
The passage of the Admission Act in 1959 , admitted Hawaii as the 50th State of the United States of America on August 21 , 1959 .
Three States is an unincorporated community in Caddo Parish , Louisiana , Miller County , Arkansas , and Cass County , Texas .
The Big Bend region of Florida , United States , is an informal region of the state .
Cases have also been reported in other regions , indicating its spread to India , Brazil , Vancouver Island in Canada , and Washington , and Oregon in the United States .
Listed in alphabetical order , these 10 states within the ACC's geographical footprint are Florida , Georgia , Indiana , Kentucky , Massachusetts , New York , North Carolina , Pennsylvania , South Carolina , and Virginia .
The Climate of Illinois describes the weather conditions , and extremes , noted within the state of Illinois , United States , over time .
Only two of the 14 territories – Guam and the United States Virgin Islands – are organized .
Callville Bay is a waterway on the northwestern side of Lake Mead in the U.S . state of Nevada .
In virtually all contexts , the Southern Tier is considered a part of the broader Upstate New York region .
The first constitutional documents enacted in Oregon pre - dated statehood .
State Route 764 ( SR 764 ) is an east – west state highway in the northeastern portion of the U.S . state of Ohio .
The 1904 United States presidential election in Illinois took place on November 8 , 1904 .
Examples include Florida , Minnesota , Maine ,
Northwest or northwestern Ohio consists of multiple counties in the northwestern corner of the United States state of Ohio .
Technically the voters of Oregon cast their ballots for electors : representatives to the Electoral College .
Electoral reform in Maryland refers to efforts , proposals and plans to change the election and voting laws in Maryland .
Kuna is a city in Ada County , Idaho , United States .
The combining of upper and lower house districts into a single constituency is found in only seven U.S . state legislatures : Arizona , Idaho , Maryland , New Jersey , North Dakota , South Dakota , and Washington .
Cook County is a county located in the U.S . state of Georgia .
St . Joseph County is a county located in the U.S . state of Michigan , on the central southern border .
Also , New Mexico has voted for the winner of every presidential election from its statehood in 1912 except in the 1976 , 2000 and 2016 elections .
Alaska Basin is a subalpine basin on the west slopes of the Teton Range , in the U.S . state of Wyoming .
Following the commencement of California as a state , The United States Indian Affairs had decided to group the Tataviam with other Indian Villages in the same region , which is now Fort Tejon Indian Reservation .
The beach is one of California's most popular camping grounds and attracts over 850,000 people per year .
Big Rapids is a city in the U.S . state of Michigan .
State Route 76 ( SR 76 ) is a state highway long in the U.S . state of California .
Technically the voters of Washington cast their ballots for electors : representatives to the Electoral College .
Usually considered part of the South Central United States , Oklahoma is bounded on the east by Arkansas and Missouri , on the north by Kansas , on the northwest by Colorado , on the far west by New Mexico , and on the south and near - west by Texas .
The Illinois Ornithological Society ( IOS ) is the principal birding and bird conservation organization in the American state of Illinois .
Benton County is a county located in the west central part of the U.S . state of Missouri .
Bolon Island Tideways State Scenic Corridor is a state park in the U.S . state of Oregon , administered by the Oregon Parks and Recreation Department .
Gooding County is a county located in the U.S . state of Idaho .
St . George is a town in Knox County , Maine , United States .
Nebraska was admitted to the Union on March 1 , 1867 , and elects its United States Senators to Class 1 and Class 2 .
Paulding County is a county located in the U.S . state of Ohio .
This is a list of lists of people from Kansas .
Southeast Alaska , sometimes referred to as the Alaska Panhandle , is the southeastern portion of the U.S . state of Alaska , bordered to the east by the northern half of the Canadian province of British Columbia .
Colorado County is a county located in the U.S . state of Texas .
New Mexico was won by incumbent President Franklin D . Roosevelt , against Governor of New York Thomas E . Dewey , who was making his first bid for the presidency .
The Windsor - 6 - 2 Representative District is a two - member state Representative district in the U.S . state of Vermont .
Hiawatha National Forest is a National Forest in the Upper Peninsula of the state of Michigan in the United States .
This is a list of rivers in the U.S . state of Washington .
According to the 2011 census Nuapada district has a population of 606,490 roughly equal to the nation of Solomon Islands or the US state of Wyoming .
Oregon was won by the Republican nominees , incumbent President Benjamin Harrison of Indiana and his running mate Whitelaw Reid of New York .
The 2012 congressional elections in Oklahoma were held on November 6 , 2012 , to determine who would represent the state of Oklahoma in the United States House of Representatives .
According to the 2011 census Gadchiroli district has a population of 1,071,795 , roughly equal to the nation of Cyprus or the US state of Rhode Island .
Yellowstone County is the most populous county in the U.S . state of Montana .
The Rutland - 5 - 1 Representative District is a one member state Representative district in the U.S . state of Vermont .
According to the 2011 census Banda District has a population of 1,799,541 , roughly equal to the nation of The Gambia or the US state of Nebraska .
Stillwater County is a county located in the U.S . state of Montana .
The Colville National Forest is a U.S . National Forest located in northeastern Washington state .
Norwalk holds the unofficial record for the largest amount of rainfall in a 24 - hour period for any town in Iowa , with more than 9 inches falling June 9 – 10 , 2011 .
Calhoun County is a county located in the U.S . state of Texas .
Northern cardinals are numerous across the eastern United States from Maine to Texas and in Canada in the provinces of Ontario , Quebec , New Brunswick and Nova Scotia .
In the 1876 United States presidential election , California narrowly voted for the Republican nominee , Ohio Governor Rutherford B . Hayes , over the Democratic nominee , New York Governor Samuel J . Tilden .
Most U.S . state flags were designed and adopted between 1893 and World War I . According to a 2001 survey by the North American Vexillological Association , New Mexico has the best - designed flag of any U.S . state , U.S . territory , or Canadian province , while Georgia's state flag was rated the worst design . (
New Madrid County ( ; ) is a county located in the Bootheel of the U.S . state of Missouri .
The Bisti / De - Na - Zin Wilderness is a wilderness area located in San Juan County in the U.S . state of New Mexico .
Despite North Carolina being a swing state in presidential elections , and South Carolina being one that reliably votes for Republican presidential candidates , they are technically the country's two most politically similar states , according to a comparison of the states along a range of 19 variables performed by the statistician Nate Silver in 2008 .
Of the Lower 48 conterminous states , California has the greatest diversity in climate , terrain and geology in general .
A swing state , Nevada was narrowly won by incumbent Democratic President Bill Clinton .
The Finland State Forest is a state forest located near the unincorporated community of Finland in Lake and Cook counties , Minnesota .
Union is a city in Montgomery and Miami Counties in the U.S . state of Ohio .
The Great North Woods Region in Maine refers to the unincorporated townships in Aroostook County .
Dixie National Forest is a United States National Forest in Utah with headquarters in Cedar City .
Since the American Revolution ( 1775 – 1783 ) , Maryland has had a number of four state constitutions that have specified different terms of office and methods of selection of its governors .
Florida is one of the largest states east of the Mississippi River , and only Alaska and Michigan are larger in water area .
Washington State Park is a public recreation area covering in the central eastern part of the state of Missouri located on Highway 21 about northeast of Potosi on the eastern edge of the Ozarks .
Brunswick is a town in Rensselaer County , New York , in the United States .
Avoca is a town in Steuben County , New York , USA .
Morrison is a town in Brown County in the U.S . state of Wisconsin .
The Washington - 6 Representative District is a one member state Representative district in the U.S . state of Vermont .
Vilano Beach is an unincorporated community in St . Johns County , Florida , United States .
The states of Washington and Oregon are to the west , Nevada and Utah are to the south , and Montana and Wyoming are to the east .
Illinois has a wide variety of state owned and administered protected areas : state parks , state forests , state recreation areas , state fish and wildlife areas , state natural areas , and one state trail .
Martin County is a county located in the U.S . state of Kentucky .
South Dakota has the third - highest proportion of Native Americans of any state , behind Alaska and New Mexico .
Seminole State Park and Historic Site is located on US Route 90 , east of the Pecos River High Bridge , west of Comstock in Val Verde County in the U.S . state of Texas .
Charlotte ( ) is a city in the U.S . state of Michigan .
This is a list of political parties in the U.S . state of Oregon .
Pierce County is a county located in the U.S . state of Georgia .
Ohio is divided into 16 congressional districts , each represented by a member of the United States House of Representatives .
In a 2005 interview , Senator Akaka said that the bill , " creates a government - to - government relationship with the United States " as it provides a legal parity similar to that of native tribal governments in the contiguous states and Alaska .
According to the 2011 census , Palakkad district has a population of 2,810,892 , roughly equal to the nation of Jamaica or the state Utah in the U.S . This gives it a ranking of 138th in India ( out of a total of 640 ) .
Jefferson County is a county located in the U.S . state of Mississippi ; its western border is formed by the Mississippi River .
The following is a list of notable people born , raised , or resident in Connecticut , with place of birth or residence when known .
Nebraska was once considered part of the Great American Desert , but it is now a leading farming and ranching state .
Denali State Park is a state park in the U.S . state of Alaska .
The 1900 United States presidential election in Georgia took place on November 6 , 1900 , as part of the wider United States Presidential election .
The Lamoille - 3 Representative District is a one - member state Representative district in the U.S . state of Vermont .
The Chittenden - 7 - 1 Representative District is a two - member state Representative district in the U.S . state of Vermont .
The following is an alphabetical list of articles related to the U.S . state of New Jersey .
Thorp is a city in Clark County in the U.S . state of Wisconsin .
Cucumis anguria " has become naturalized in : Anguilla ; Antigua and Barbuda ; Australia ( Queensland and Western Australia ) ; Barbados ; Brazil ; Cayman Islands ; Costa Rica ; Cuba ; the Dominican Republic ; Ecuador ; French Guiana ; Grenada ; Guadeloupe ; Guatemala ; Haiti ; Honduras ; Jamaica ; Madagascar ; Martinique ; Mexico ; Netherlands Antilles ; Nicaragua ; Panama ; Peru ; Puerto Rico ; Saint Lucia ; Saint Vincent and Grenadines ; Suriname ; the United States ( California , Florida , Georgia , Massachusetts , Montana , New York , Oregon , Texas , Minnesota , Wisconsin and Washington ) ; Venezuela ; and both British and American Virgin Islands .
Area code 845 is a telephone area code straddling the Hudson Valley region of the U.S . state of New York .
Tables showing membership in the Maryland federal House delegation throughout history of statehood in the United States .
The 2004 United States presidential election in Oregon took place on November 2 , 2004 , and was part of the 2004 United States presidential election .
Montgomery County is a county located in the U.S . state of Arkansas .
South Miami Heights is a census - designated place ( CDP ) in Miami - Dade County , within the U.S . state of Florida .
Talbot County is a county located in the west central portion of the U.S . state of Georgia .
Hindu 87.61 % , Muslim 10.42 % , Sikh 1.55 % According to the 2011 census Kathua district has a population of 616,435 , roughly equal to the nation of Solomon Islands or the US state of Vermont .
Kupreanof is a city at the eastern shore of Kupreanof Island in the Petersburg Borough , in the U.S . state of Alaska .
The following are approximate tallies of current listings in Maryland on the National Register of Historic Places .
In the United States , it can be seen in west coast states such as Washington , California , and Nevada to as far as Colorado and New Mexico .
Northwest Ithaca is a census - designated place ( CDP ) in Tompkins County , New York , United States .
Pacific Northwest English ( also known , in American linguistics , as Northwest English ) is a variety of North American English spoken in the U.S . states of Washington and Oregon , sometimes also including Idaho and the Canadian province of British Columbia .
Island Lake is a village in Lake and McHenry counties in the U.S . state of Illinois .
The United States Census Bureau estimates that the population of Georgia was 9,815,210 on July 1 , 2011 , a 1.32 % increase since the 2010 United States Census .
North Whale Seaplane Base is a state owned , public use seaplane base located in North Whale Pass , a community in the Prince of Wales - Hyder Census Area of the U.S . state of Alaska .
In 1803 , most of the land for modern day Kansas was acquired by the United States from France as part of the 828,000 square miles Louisiana Purchase for 2.83 cents per acre .
On that date , registered voters in the State of Illinois were eligible to elect officeholders in six statewide offices : the office of Governor of Illinois , Lieutenant Governor of Illinois , Illinois Attorney General , Illinois Secretary of State , Illinois Treasurer and Illinois Comptroller .
The National Historic Landmarks ( NHLs ) in the U.S . state of Missouri represent Missouri's history from the Lewis and Clark Expedition , through the American Civil War , the Civil Rights Movement , and the Space Age .
Idaho was won by incumbent President George W . Bush by a 38.1 % margin of victory .
Musselshell County is a county located in the U.S . state of Montana .
Vote - by - mail in Oregon has maintained a high level of support since it was passed in 1998 .
The 1783 Treaty of Paris ceded the territory that is now Michigan to the United States as part of the end of the Revolutionary War , but British troops were not removed from the area until 1796 .
The New Mexico Commissioner of Public Lands is an elected constitutional officer in the executive branch in charge of managing all state lands and mineral rights , as well as overseeing leases and royalties on state land , in the U.S . state of New Mexico .
Ugashik Airport is a state owned , public use airport located one nautical mile ( 2 km ) north of the central business district of Ugashik , in the Lake and Peninsula Borough of the U.S . state of Alaska .
According to the 2010 United States Census , California has 37,253,956 inhabitants and of land .
Nizki Island ( Avayax̂ in Aleut ) is an uninhabited island in the Aleutian Islands in the U.S . state of Alaska .
1 * U.S.A . territory with land that would later become part of the Territory of Alabama : - Name " Territory of Alabama " was often used in the time period , rather than " Alabama Territory " .
Aniak ( " Anyaraq " in Central Yup'ik ) is a city in the Bethel Census Area in the U.S . state of Alaska .
The official language of Illinois is English .
The U.S . Forest Service manages 30 percent of the watershed , the U.S . Bureau of Land Management 5 percent , and the State of Oregon 1 percent .
This is a list of special elections held in the congressional districts in the State of New York to fill vacancies which were caused either by the resignation or death of representatives - elect before their term began , or by the resignation or death of the incumbent representatives .
Record flood stages for selected cities in Minnesota " over Minnesota
Southwestern Idaho is a geographical term for the area along the U.S . state of Idaho's borders with Oregon and Nevada .
Border Field State Park is a state park of California , United States , containing beach and coastal habitat on the Mexico – United States border .
Jefferson County is a county located in the U.S . state of Iowa .
With the cession of California to the United States following the Mexican - American War , the 1848 Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo provided that the land grants would be honored .
Central is the thirteenth - largest city in the U.S . state of Louisiana .
Estcourt Station is Maine's northernmost point , as well as the northernmost point in New England . (
Breathitt County is a county located in the eastern Appalachian portion of the U.S . state of Kentucky .
By comparison , it is over nine times the surface area of Portugal , whence came its early European settlers , and 20 % larger than the U.S . state of Texas .
This is a list of mountains in the state of Montana . Montana is the fourth largest state in the United States and is well known for its mountains .
Brevard County is a county in the U.S . state of Florida .
State Route 28 ( SR 28 ) is a state highway in the U.S . state of Washington .
Warren County is a county in the U.S . state of New York .
Negaunee Township is a civil township of Marquette County in the U.S . state of Michigan .
Togiak Wilderness is a federally designated wilderness area in the Dillingham and Bethel Census Areas in the southwestern part of the U.S . state of Alaska .
The Nez Perce National Forest is a United States National Forest located in west - central Idaho .
Parks in Greater St . Louis are administered by a variety of state , county , and municipal authorities , and the region also includes the state of Missouri's only National Memorial , the Jefferson National Expansion Memorial , which is the site of the Gateway Arch .
As of 2017 , Kansas has the longest streak of being decided by more than a 5 % margin in presidential margins .
With an area of , it would easily top the list , outranking every state in the country ( except Alaska ) .
Eisenhower had called for the admission of Alaska and Hawaii as states during his 1952 campaign .
Cleburne County is a county located in the U.S . state of Arkansas .
About 42 percent of Wyoming's land is owned by the federal government , including Yellowstone and Grand Teton national parks .
Pisgah State Park is a woodland located in Cheshire County in New Hampshire .
Peoria County is a county in the U.S . state of Illinois .
Parish is a town in Oswego County , New York , United States .
Like all states except Nebraska , West Virginia has a bicameral state legislature , the West Virginia Legislature .
Roosevelt County is a county located in the U.S . state of New Mexico .
Following is a list of sites and structures in Tennessee that have been designated National Historic Landmarks .
Lake Florida is a lake in Kandiyohi County , in the U.S . state of Minnesota .
The North Country Trail , more formally known as the " North Country National Scenic Trail , " is a long - distance trail being developed and is proposed to begin at Crown Point , New York on Lake Champlain and traverses New York , Pennsylvania , Ohio , Michigan , Wisconsin , Minnesota , and North Dakota .
It is the second - most rural district in the United States , with 72.11 % of its population in rural areas , behind only Kentucky's 5th congressional district .
Dorchester is a village in Clark and Marathon counties in the U.S . state of Wisconsin , along the 45th parallel .
Connecticut elected its members September 21 , 1812 .
The following is a list of Governors of the State of Minnesota and Minnesota Territory , United States .
Forrester Island is an island in the U.S . state of Alaska .
Louisiana's constitution was adopted ( adopted in Convention ) during the Constitutional Convention in 1974 , ratified by the voters of the state on April 20 , 1974 , and became effective on January 1 , 1975 .
The following are may - issue states by law : California , Connecticut , Delaware , Hawaii , Maryland , Massachusetts , New Jersey , New York , and Rhode Island .
Most recently on December 1 , 2009 , the Office of Management and Budget defined 1067 statistical areas for the United States , including one combined statistical area , three metropolitan statistical areas , and two micropolitan statistical areas in the State of Maine .
This list of current cities , towns , unincorporated communities , counties , and other recognized places in the U.S . state of Arizona , which start with the letter M . This list only includes populated areas ; it excludes physical features , ghost towns , and historical places .
Scott is a village in Paulding and Van Wert counties in the U.S . state of Ohio .
WPBS - DT is the Public Broadcasting Service ( PBS ) member station serving the North Country of New York state , licensed to Watertown .
The Angle is accessible from the rest of Minnesota by one of two ways :
LeConte Bay is an 810 - foot - deep ( 247 m ) , six - mile - long ( 10 km ) bay in the southeastern region of the U.S . state of Alaska , located east of Frederick Sound .
Wakulla County is a county located in the U.S . state of Florida .
Taconic State Park is located in Columbia and Dutchess County , New York abutting Massachusetts and Connecticut within the Taconic Mountains .
According to the 2011 census Satara district has a population of 3,003,741 , roughly equal to the nation of Albania or the US state of Mississippi .
Since its admission to statehood in 1896 , Utah has participated in every U.S . presidential election .
This article describes the United States presidential election , 1992 , in Missouri .
Mecklenburg County is a county located on the border in the southwestern part of the state of North Carolina , in the United States .
Since its admission to statehood in 1788 , New Hampshire has participated in every U.S . presidential election .
The Fox Islands are a group of islands in the eastern Aleutian Islands of the U.S . state of Alaska .
Elko County is a county in the northeastern corner of the U.S . state of Nevada .
Mazaska Lake is a lake in Rice County , in the U.S . state of Minnesota .
Idaho has two congressional districts .
The Quileute , also known as the Quillayute , are a Native American people in western Washington state in the United States , currently numbering approximately 2000 .
Political opinions in Oregon are geographically split by the Cascade Range , with western Oregon being more liberal and Eastern Oregon being conservative .
The Dixon Entrance lies between Clarence Strait in the Alexander Archipelago in Alaska to the north , and Hecate Strait and the islands known as Haida Gwaii ( the Queen Charlotte Islands ) in British Columbia , to the south .
Omak ( ) is a city located in the foothills of the Okanogan Highlands in north - central Washington , United States .
Keller is an unincorporated community and census - designated place ( CDP ) in southwestern Ferry County in the northeastern part of the U.S . state of Washington .
Acadian French is a variant of French spoken by francophone Acadians in the Canadian Maritime provinces , the Saint John River Valley in the northern part of the U.S . state of Maine , the Magdalen Islands and Havre - Saint - Pierre , along the St . Lawrence's north shore .
Jefferson Island is an unincorporated community in Madison County , in the U.S . state of Montana .
It is also found in North America , where it has been recorded from Colorado , Maine , Ontario and Washington .
U.S . Route 2 ( US 2 ) is a component of the United States Numbered Highway System that connects the city of Everett in the U.S . state of Washington to the Upper Peninsula of Michigan , with a separate segment that runs from Rouses Point , New York , to Houlton , Maine .
Altona is a town in Clinton County , New York , United States .
Howland is a census - designated place ( CDP ) consisting of the primary settlement in the town of Howland in Penobscot County , Maine , United States .
These states include Alaska , Arizona , California , Connecticut , Hawaii , Illinois , Maryland , Massachusetts , Minnesota , Montana , New Jersey , New Mexico , New York , Oregon , Vermont , Washington , and West Virginia .
Three - quarters of the population of New England , and most of the major cities , are in the states of Connecticut , Massachusetts , and Rhode Island .
This article shows U.S . Census totals for Franklin County , Maine , broken down by municipality , from 1900 to 2000 .
The Chittenden - 3 - 6 Representative District is a two - member state Representative district in the U.S . state of Vermont .
The Caledonia - 2 Representative District is a one - member state Representative district in the U.S . state of Vermont .
Hispanic and Latino Nevadans are residents of the state of Nevada who are of Hispanic or Latino ancestry .
The Alaska Statehood Act ( ) was signed by President Dwight D . Eisenhower on July 7 , 1958 , allowing Alaska to become the 49th U.S . state on January 3 , 1959 .
Jonathan Worth ( November 18 , 1802 – September 5 , 1869 ) was the 39th governor of the U.S . state of North Carolina from 1865 to 1868 , during the early years of Reconstruction .
In 1819 , after two years as a territory , the US state of Alabama was formed , converting the Alabama Territory into a full American state .
Bucareli Bay is a bay in the Alexander Archipelago , in the southeastern part of the U.S . state of Alaska .
California's 37th congressional district is a congressional district in the U.S . state of California based in Los Angeles County .
The territory initially included most of the present - day state of Indiana , all of present - day states of Illinois and Wisconsin , fragments of present - day Minnesota that were east of the Mississippi River , nearly all of the Upper Peninsula the western half of the Lower Peninsula of present - day Michigan , and a narrow strip of land in present - day Ohio that was northwest of Fort Recovery .
Oceanside Beach State Recreation Site is a state park in the U.S . state of Oregon .
New York is represented by Chuck Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand in the United States Senate and has the nation's third equal highest number of congressional districts , equal with Florida and behind California's 53 and Texas's 36 .
In " Idaho v . United States " ( 2001 ) , the United States Supreme Court ruled against the state's claim of the submerged lands of the lower third of Lake Coeur d'Alene and related waters of the St . Joe River .
South - Central Colorado is a region of the U.S . state of Colorado .
The state of Louisiana is served by the following area codes :
Franklin County is a county located in the state of Maine , in the United States .
These are : According to the 2011 census Ratnagiri district has a population of 1,612,672 , roughly equal to the nation of Guinea - Bissau or the US state of Idaho .
The North Country Trail is a 4000 + mile trail that spans through New York , Pennsylvania , Ohio , Michigan , Wisconsin , Minnesota , and terminates in North Dakota .
The Nestucca River flows for about through forests near the Pacific coast of northwest Oregon in the United States .
Abercrombie was sworn in as Governor of Hawaii on December 6 , 2010 , the first gubernatorial victor of the 2010 election cycle to be sworn into office .
There are eight of these in Georgia .
Wisconsin is currently divided into 8 congressional districts , each represented by a member of the United States House of Representatives .
Sand Ridge is a hamlet ( and census - designated place ) in Oswego County , New York , United States .
Allegan is a city in the U.S . state of Michigan .
Pottawatomie County ( standard abbreviation : PT ) is a county located in the U.S . state of Kansas .
In the North American Numbering Plan , 828 is the telephone area code for most of the western third of the U.S . state of North Carolina .
Scott County is a county located in the U.S . state of Illinois .
According to the 2011 census Ernakulam district has a population of 3,282,388 roughly equal to the nation of Mauritania or the US state of Iowa .
It is native to the Chihuahuan Desert of North America , where it occurs in the US states of Arizona , New Mexico , and Texas , and the Mexican states of Sonora , Chihuahua , Coahuila , Durango , San Luis Potosí , and Zacatecas .
The United States presidential election in Mississippi , 1968 was held on November 5 , 1968 .
Kenai Municipal Airport is a city - owned , public - use airport located in Kenai , a city in the Kenai Peninsula Borough of the U.S . state of Alaska .
White Americans are the majority in 49 of the 50 states , with Hawaii as the exception . "
Keyes is a census - designated place ( CDP ) in Stanislaus County , California , United States .
Due to Vermont's election law requiring a majority to secure a congressional seat , the 1st district required three ballots to choose a winner .
Brickell Key is a man - made island off the mainland Brickell neighborhood of Miami , Florida , United States .
Jackson County is a county located in the northeastern part of the U.S . state of Georgia .
Separated from the California mainland throughout recent geological history , the Channel Islands provide the earliest evidence for human seafaring in the Americas .
Estimates for the pre - contact populations of most native groups in California have varied substantially . " (
The borders of Colorado are now officially defined by 697 boundary markers connected by straight boundary lines .
Colorado was won by incumbent President George W . Bush by a 4.67 % margin of victory .
Boldt Castle is a major landmark and tourist attraction in the Thousand Islands region of the U.S . state of New York .
Malaxis unifolia , or the green adder's - mouth orchid , is a species of orchid occurring from eastern and central Canada ( Newfoundland to Manitoba ) , the central and eastern United States ( Maine to Florida , west as far as Minnesota , eastern Kansas , and eastern Texas ) , Mexico , Central America and the Greater Antilles ( Cuba , Jamaica , Dominican Republic ) . "
On December 7 , 1787 , Delaware became the first state to ratify the Constitution of the United States , and has since been known as " The First State " .
The following is an alphabetical list of members of the United States House of Representatives from the state of Maine .
The 1924 United States presidential election in California refers to how California participated in the 1924 United States presidential election .
Charlotte County is a county located in the U.S . state of Florida .
Ouray County is one of the 64 counties of the U.S . state of Colorado .
The 1820 United States presidential election in Connecticut took place between November 1 to December 6 , 1820 , as part of the 1820 United States presidential election .
Ochiltree County ( ) is a county located in the U.S . state of Texas .
These are tables of congressional delegations from Oregon to the United States Senate and United States House of Representatives .
New Milford is a town in Litchfield County , Connecticut , United States , located in Western Connecticut .
As specified in the designating legislation for the Territory of Wyoming , Wyoming's borders are lines of latitude 41 ° N and 45 ° N , and longitude 104 ° 3 " W and 111 ° 3 " W ( 27 ° W and 34 ° W of the Washington Meridian ) , making the shape of the state a latitude - longitude quadrangle .
It shares jurisdiction with the state of New York and the United States .
The Dayton – Springfield – Sidney Combined Statistical Area is a CSA in the U.S . state of Ohio , as defined by the United States Census Bureau .
According to the 2011 census Sant Kabir Nagar district has a population of 1,714,300 , roughly equal to the nation of The Gambia or the US state of Nebraska .
Nicholson Island is an alluvial island in the Allegheny River in South Buffalo Township , Armstrong County in the U.S . state of Pennsylvania .
Gratiot County ( ) is a county in the U.S . state of Michigan .
Treutlen County is a county located in the U.S . state of Georgia .
Food and administrative services employ the most people in the Inland Empire , while for the state of California , the top industries are in administrative services and professional , scientific and hi - tech - oriented fields .
Of the administered by the forest , less than 3 percent is located in the state of Idaho .
Upper Buffalo Wilderness is located in the U.S . state of Arkansas .
The former reservation's parks are today managed by the Thousand Islands Region of the New York State Office of Parks , Recreation and Historic Preservation , along with additional state parks along the St . Lawrence River that were procured after the creation of the Thousand Islands State Park Commission .
Washington County is a county in the U.S . state of Wisconsin .
The state of Alaska has given its electoral votes to the Republican ticket in every election year since 1968 and only once to a Democratic ticket since statehood .
Kiowa County is one of the 64 counties in the U.S . state of Colorado .
Table of United States congressional district boundary maps in the State of Massachusetts , presented chronologically .
Humboldt is a town in Brown County in the U.S . state of Wisconsin .
Walton County is a county located in the U.S . state of Georgia .
The 2000 United States presidential election in Georgia took place on November 7 , 2000 , and was part of the 2000 United States presidential election .
Soon after the first contestants declared their candidacy , Larry Sabato listed Virginia , Colorado , Iowa , New Hampshire , Florida , Nevada , and Ohio as the seven states most likely to be contested in the general election .
Colusa County is a county in the U.S . state of California .
Jamaica Bay is located on the southern side of Long Island , in the U.S . state of New York , near the island's western end .
Specific regions that the species has been found in the United States include most Western States ( California , Nevada , Utah , Washington , Oregon , Idaho , Montana , and Wyoming ) and The Eastern States ( Maine , New Hampshire , Vermont , Massachusetts , Connecticut , Rhode Island , New York , Pennsylvania , West Virginia , Virginia , North Carolina , South Carolina , Georgia , Florida , Alabama , Louisiana , Tennesse , Kentucky , Ohio , Indiana , Michigan , Illinois , .
Louisiana became a state in 1812 .
It is found in Tamaulipas in Mexico and in Texas in the United States .
The fungus also occurs in the United States ( California , Florida , Georgia , Virginia , North Carolina , and New York ) , Canada , Mexico , and Australasia .
Under Article IV , Section 8 of the Constitution of Louisiana , the Attorney General is elected statewide for a four - year term and is the chief legal officer of the state .
Putnam County is a county located in the U.S . state of West Virginia .
The 2016 United States presidential election in Oregon was held on November 8 , 2016 , as part of the 2016 General Election in which all 50 states plus The District of Columbia participated .
The Governor of Maryland heads the executive branch of the government of the U.S . state of Maryland and is commander - in - chief of the state's military forces .
New York State Route 318 ( NY 318 ) is an east – west state highway in the Finger Lakes region of New York in the United States .
As of 1960 , the year of the latest comprehensive inquiry , seven percent of federal property had enclave status , of which four percent ( almost all in Alaska and Hawaii ) was under " concurrent " state jurisdiction .
Montana County was a county of the United States Territory of Kansas that existed from February 2 , 1859 to January 29 , 1861 , when Kansas joined the Union as a state .
Seattle Public Schools is the largest public school district in the state of Washington .
Bee County is a county located in the U.S . state of Texas .
Generally , the debate has primarily surrounded the legal status of Alaska relative to the United States of America .
The 2012 United States presidential election in Mississippi took place on November 6 , 2012 , as part of the 2012 General Election in which all 50 states plus The District of Columbia participated .
All ten of the highest major summits of the United States are in Alaska .
The Mountain States generally are considered to include : Arizona , Colorado , Idaho , Montana , Nevada , New Mexico , Utah , and Wyoming .
The longest is Alabama's sixth and current constitution , ratified in 1901 , about 345,000 words long .
There are differing interpretations as to the composition of the Mid - Atlantic , with sources including in the region a number of states from New York to South Carolina .
Humboldt County is a county in the U.S . state of California .
Sinclair Island is an island in the U.S . state of Washington .
This is a list of law enforcement agencies in the state of Tennessee .
The 1988 United States presidential election in Alaska took place on November 8 , 1988 .
Approximately 82 % of those residents live in Oregon .
Paguate is a census - designated place ( CDP ) in Cibola County , New Mexico , United States .
The following is a list of state highways in the U.S . state of Louisiana designated in the 900 – 949 range .
Millersburg is a village in Presque Isle County of the U.S . state of Michigan .
The park covers the early colonial history of Delaware and the role Delaware played in the establishment of the nation , leading up to it being the first state to ratify the Constitution .
Within the state of California , Sep 9 remains as an annually celebrated legal holiday known as California Admission Day .
Alaska is one of two U.S . states not bordered by another state ; Hawaii the other . Alaska has more ocean coastline than all of the other U.S . states combined .
This is a comprehensive listing of all the bird species recorded in Yosemite National Park , which is in the U.S . state of California .
Wabaunsee County ( standard abbreviation : WB ) is a county located in the U.S . state of Kansas .
In Oregon , the initiative and referendum process dates back to 1902 , when the efforts of the Direct Legislation League prompted Oregon to amend its Constitution for the first time since 1859 .
The Constitution of 1965 remains the supreme authority in Connecticut today .
Airport is a state owned , public use airport located in Galena , a city in the Yukon - Koyukuk Census Area of the U.S . state of Alaska .
The Marinette Micropolitan Statistical Area , as defined by the United States Census Bureau , is an area consisting of two counties – one in Wisconsin and one in Michigan – anchored by the city of Marinette , Wisconsin .
The 2000 United States presidential election in Alaska took place on November 7 , 2000 , and was part of the 2000 United States presidential election .
Kobuk Airport is a state owned , public use airport located in Kobuk , a city in the Northwest Arctic Borough of the U.S . state of Alaska .
The 1900 United States presidential election in Oregon took place on November 6 , 1900 .
Maine and Nebraska are the only two current exceptions , as both states use the congressional district method .
The 2004 United States presidential election in Vermont took place on November 2 , 2004 , and was part of the 2004 United States presidential election .
< nowiki > * * < / nowiki > constituencies from Kolkata District According to the 2011 census of India , South 24 Parganas district had a total population of 8,153,176 , roughly equal to the nation of Honduras or the US state of Virginia .
The Windham - 1 Representative District is a one member state Representative district in the U.S . state of Vermont .
Meridian is a city located in Ada County in the U.S . state of Idaho .
The current Georgia State Constitution was ratified on November 2 , 1982 .
Since its admission to statehood in 1837 , Michigan has participated in every U.S . presidential election .
Custer County is a rural mountain county in the center of the U.S . state of Idaho .
With 68.86 % of the popular vote , Wyoming would proved to be Bush's second strongest state in the 2004 election after neighboring Utah .
The first two censuses were conducted before Colorado became a U.S . state .
Lincoln County is a county located in the U.S . state of Mississippi .
Big Bay is an unincorporated community in Marquette County of the U.S . state of Michigan .
This page lists census - designated places ( CDPs ) in the U.S . state of Ohio .
Captree State Park is a state park located in the towns of Babylon and Islip in Suffolk County , New York , United States .
Georgia has had ten different constitutions in its history .
Meenon is a town in Burnett County in the U.S . state of Wisconsin .
Buena Vista ( ) is an unincorporated community within Buena Vista Charter Township , Saginaw County in the U.S . state of Michigan .
Its secretaries were : In 1818 , the southern half of the territory was admitted to the United States as the State of Illinois .
Mississippi County is a county located in the Bootheel of the U.S . state of Missouri , with its eastern border formed by the Mississippi River .
List of state parks in the U.S . state of Kansas operated by the Kansas Department of Wildlife and Parks :
The 1808 United States presidential election in Connecticut took place between November 4 and December 7 , 1808 , as part of the 1808 United States presidential election .
Maine was admitted to the Union on March 15 , 1820 , as the 23rd state .
Erie County is a county located in the U.S . state of Ohio .
The Ugashik River is a stream , long , on the Alaska Peninsula of the U.S . state of Alaska .
These are tables of congressional delegations from Maryland to the United States House of Representatives and the United States Senate .
Great River Bluffs State Park is a state park of Minnesota , United States , on the Mississippi River southeast of Winona .
Umpqua State Scenic Corridor is a state park in the U.S . state of Oregon , administered by the Oregon Parks and Recreation Department .
Beaver ( " Ts'aahudaaneekk'onh Denh " in Koyukon ) is a census - designated place ( CDP ) in Yukon - Koyukuk Census Area , Alaska , United States .
There are an estimated 2 million ethnic Polynesians worldwide , vast majority of whom inhabit independent Polynesian nation states ( Samoa , Niue , Cook Islands , Tonga and Tuvalu ) and form minorities in Australia , Chile ( Easter Island ) , New Zealand , France ( French Polynesia and Wallis and Futuna ) , United Kingdom ( Pitcairn Islands ) and the United States ( Hawaii and American Samoa ) .
These were the last gubernatorial elections for Arizona , New Mexico , and Wisconsin to take place in a presidential election year , as all would extend their governors " terms from two to four years .
Rittman is a city in Medina and Wayne counties in the U.S . state of Ohio .
California is home to San Bernardino County , the largest county in the contiguous United States , as well as Los Angeles County , the most populous county in the United States .
North of the island is Long Island Sound , across which lie Westchester County , New York , and the state of Connecticut .
The Harrison Micropolitan Statistical Area , as defined by the United States Census Bureau , is an area consisting of two counties in the U.S . state of Arkansas , anchored by the city of Harrison .
In 1820 ( Treaty of Doak's Stand ) and 1825 ( Treaty of Washington City ) , the Choctaw were given lands in the Arkansas Territory ( including in the current state of Oklahoma ) in exchange for part of their homeland , primarily in the state of Mississippi .
Franklin County is a county in the northern part of the U.S . state of New York .
A general election was held in the U.S . state of Oregon on November 4 , 2014 .
Sucia Island ( ) is located north of Orcas Island in the San Juan Islands , San Juan County , Washington , United States .
According to the 2011 census West Champaran district has a population of 3,922,780 , roughly equal to the nation of Liberia or the US state of Oregon .
Shaupeneak Ridge Cooperative Recreation Area is a recreational and protected area in the U.S . state of New York .
Poinsett State Park is located in Sumter County in the U.S . state of South Carolina .
State Route 100 ( SR 100 ) is a state highway that travels south - to - north through portions of Meriwether , Troup , Heard , Carroll , Haralson , Polk , Floyd , and Chattooga counties in the northwestern part of the U.S . state of Georgia .
Jones Beach Island is one of the outer barrier islands off the southern coast of Long Island in the U.S . state of New York .
Shelby County is a county located in the U.S . state of Iowa .
Freeman Island is a tiny island in the San Juan Islands of the U.S . state of Washington , west of Orcas Island .
Wyoming , a state in the western United States that straddles the intersection of the Rocky Mountains and the Great Plains , had been a part of the traditional geographic expanse of various Native American tribes : the Shoshone , the Arapaho , the Cheyenne , and the Crow .
In the United States , cannabis is overall the number four value crop , and is number one or two in many states including California , New York and Florida , averaging .
Vermont is one of two states where the governor serves for a two - year term ( neighboring New Hampshire is the other ) instead of four years .
It is larger than the entire state of Rhode Island ( 1544.9 square miles ) and the state of Delaware ( 2488.72 square miles ) .
The 2014 United States House of Representatives elections in Oregon were held on Tuesday , November 4 , 2014 to elect the five U.S . Representatives from the state of Oregon , one from each of the state's five congressional districts .
It is native to western Canada ( Northwest Territories , Yukon , British Columbia , Alberta ) and the US states of Alaska and Montana .
The majority of these islands are under the sovereignty of the State of Ohio in the United States .
The 1988 United States presidential election in Illinois took place on November 8 , 1988 .
The only changes since were in 1959 and 1960 , which added 49th and 50th stars to the circle following the admissions of Alaska and Hawaii as states .
Following is a table of United States presidential elections in South Carolina , ordered by year .
Hysham is a town in and the county seat of Treasure County , Montana , United States .
The Anahuac National Wildlife Refuge ( NWR ) is a wildlife conservation area along the coast of Texas ( USA ) , west of the town of High Island , Texas .
The Secretary of State of Vermont is one of five cabinet - level constitutional officers in the U.S . state of Vermont which are elected every two years .
Hutterite is spoken in the U.S . states of Washington , Montana , North Dakota , South Dakota , and Minnesota ; and in the Canadian provinces of Alberta , Saskatchewan and Manitoba .
The 1944 presidential election was the last time until 2016 in which both major party candidates declared New York as their home state .
It covers an area of 22,205 acres ( 34.6 square miles , 89 km ² ) extending inland roughly a mile ( 1.6 km ) from the east bank of the Hudson River between Staatsburg and Germantown in Dutchess and Columbia counties in the U.S . state of New York .
It then became part of the Southwest Territory in 1790 , and finally , part of Tennessee after it was admitted to the Union in 1796 as the 16th state .
Pike County is a county located in the Appalachian region of the U.S . state of Ohio .
The Channel Islands National Park consists of five out of the eight California Channel Islands .
List of communities in the Eastern Panhandle of West Virginia , arranged in alphabetical order .
This is a complete List of National Historic Landmarks in Washington .
Broome County in the U.S . state of New York , as of the 2010 census , had a population of 200,600 .
Armstrong County is a county located in the U.S . state of Pennsylvania .
California is largely a Democratic stronghold and one of the three largest Democratic states in presidential elections alongside New York and Illinois .
Alaska has the most national forest land with 21.9 million acres ( 8.9 million ha ) , followed by California ( 20.8 million acres , 8.4 million ha ) and Idaho ( 20.4 million acres , 8.3 million ha ) .
The following is an alphabetical list of members of the United States House of Representatives from the state of Wyoming .
As of 2011 , he had used the veto 273 times , more than any other Texas governor .
Pawnee County ( standard abbreviation : PN ) is a county located in the U.S . state of Kansas .
Bloomberg Businessweek " listed the city as the fastest - growing in Oregon for the period between 1990 and 2010 , for cities with populations over 10,000 .
In Maine and California , in the event of some electoral ties , it is the secretary of state who determines the winner by drawing lots .
The most populous state , California has the largest Congressional delegation of any state , with 53 representatives and two senators .
It is found in North America , where it has been recorded from California to Florida , north in the east to New York and Illinois .
In 1845 , Congress admitted Texas as a state .
The Salish Sea includes the Strait of Juan de Fuca , the Strait of Georgia , Puget Sound , and all their connecting channels and adjoining waters , such as Haro Strait , Rosario Strait , Bellingham Bay , Hood Canal , and the waters around and between the San Juan Islands in the U.S . state of Washington and the Gulf Islands in British Columbia , Canada .
Steuben County is a county located in the U.S . state of New York .
Gardiners Island is an island off eastern Suffolk County in the U.S . state of New York .
Kansas is a state located in the Midwestern United States that is divided into 105 counties and contains 44 census - designated places ( CDPs ) .
In Minnesota , this was the last election on a two - year cycle , before switching to a four - year term for governors .
It covered the majority of states like Texas , New Mexico , Oklahoma , Colorado , Kansas , Nebraska , the Dakotas , and Wyoming .
Originally , the gray wolf occupied all of North America north of about 20 ° N . It occurred all over the mainland , save for the southeastern United States , California west of the Sierra Nevada , and the tropical and subtropical areas of Mexico .
The longest primary U.S . Highway in Maryland is U.S . Route 40 ( commonly abbreviated US 40 ) at .
Table of United States congressional district boundary maps in the State of Iowa , presented chronologically .
Liberty County is a county located in the U.S . state of Georgia .
Alaska is one of two U.S . states not bordered by another state ; Hawaii the other .
Liberty County is a county located in the U.S . state of Montana .
The US soon designated this area as the Northwest Territory ( and , after Ohio and Indiana became states , the Illinois Territory ) .
The Seal of the State of Oregon is the official seal of the U.S . state of Oregon .
Scott County is a county located in the U.S . state of Arkansas .
Illinois is the only state here with more Democrats than Republicans .
The 1810 Census included one new state : Ohio .
During the 1960s and 1970s , Georgia made significant changes in civil rights , governance , and economic growth focused on Atlanta .
Peebles Island State Park is a state park located at the confluence of the Mohawk and Hudson rivers in New York State .
Unlike every other US State except for Nebraska , Maine apportions two of its Electoral College votes according to congressional district , making each district its own separate battleground in US presidential elections .
Altogether , the district makes up about 44 % of the land area of the state of Michigan .
Arctic Alaska or Far North Alaska is a region of the U.S . state of Alaska generally referring to the northern areas on or close to the Arctic Ocean .
There is evidence of prehistoric human habitation in the region known today as the U.S . state of Wyoming stretching back roughly 13,000 years .
In 2016 , the company published detailed atlases for twelve states : Alaska , Arizona , California , Colorado , Idaho , Montana , Nevada , New Mexico , Oregon , Utah , and Washington , and Wyoming .
The 1920 United States presidential election in Georgia took place on November 2 , 1920 , as part of the wider United States Presidential election .
Pitt Passage is a strait , in the southern of part of Puget Sound in the U.S . state of Washington .
Passamaquoddy Bay is an inlet of the Bay of Fundy , between the U.S . state of Maine and the Canadian province of New Brunswick , at the mouth of the St . Croix River .
Since its admission to statehood in 1791 , Vermont has participated in every U.S . presidential election .
Valdez – Cordova Census Area is a census area located in the state of Alaska , United States .
There is no mention of what happened to Hawaii or to U.S . Territories such as Puerto Rico , Guam , and American Samoa .
Lime Island State Recreation Area is a undeveloped state park in the U.S . state of Michigan .
The following is a list of notable people from Washington – people who were born in , or raised in the U.S . state of Washington , live ( d ) in Washington , or are strongly associated / have significant relations with the state .
Leon County is a county located in the U.S . state of Texas .
The Washington - Chittenden - 1 Representative District is a two - member state Representative district in the U.S . state of Vermont .
Putnam County is the least extensive county in the U.S . state of Illinois .
The Willamette National Forest is a National Forest located in the central portion of the Cascade Range of the U.S . state of Oregon .
The 1868 United States presidential election in Maine took place on November 3 , 1868 , as part of the 1868 United States presidential election .
They unanimously outlawed slavery and set up a state government that operated for nearly 8 months before California was given official statehood by Congress on September 9 , 1850 , as part of the Compromise of 1850 .
Clinton is the name of several places in the U.S . state of Wisconsin :
It is located east of Redding in the state of California , USA .
The following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to the U.S . state of Iowa .
The Intermountain Region consists of parks in eight states : Montana , Wyoming , Utah , Colorado , Arizona , New Mexico , Oklahoma and Texas .
Calapooya Creek is a tributary , about long , of the Umpqua River in Douglas County in the U.S . state of Oregon .
Some states and territories do have English as an official language ; a few have passed laws embracing another language alongside English , such as Hawaiian in the state of Hawaii .
The title of oldest state park in the United States is claimed by Niagara Falls State Park in New York , established in 1885 .
According to the [ [ 2011 census of India | 2011 census ] ] Surendranagar district has a [ [ Demographics of India | population ] ] of 1,755,873 , roughly equal to the nation of [ [ The Gambia ] ] or the US state of [ [ Nebraska ] ] .
Wood County is a county located in the U.S . state of Texas .
It allowed its western claims to become the state of Kentucky in 1790 .
Pickens County is a county located on the central western border of the U.S . state of Alabama .
The State of Alaska was admitted to the union on January 3 , 1959 .
Barry County is a county in the U.S . state of Michigan .
New York State Route 308 ( NY 308 ) is a short state highway , in length , located entirely in northern Dutchess County , in the U.S . state of New York .
The MacBride Campaign is conducted on a three - fold level : The MacBride Principles have been passed in the following 18 US states : Connecticut , Florida , Illinois , Maine , Massachusetts , Michigan , Minnesota , Kentucky , Missouri , Nebraska , New Hampshire , New Jersey , New York , Pennsylvania , Rhode Island , Texas , Vermont and California .
The following is an alphabetical list of members of the United States House of Representatives from the state of Montana .
It is currently the second largest House district by area , after Alaska's at - large congressional district .
Due to California's highly variable weather patterns , runoff volumes in the American River can rise and fall drastically from one year to the next .
This is a list of National Register of Historic Places listings in New Haven , Connecticut .
Kake Airport is a state - owned public - use airport located one nautical mile ( 2 km ) southeast of the central business district of Kake , a city in the Petersburg Borough of the U.S . state of Alaska .
There are 87 counties in the U.S . state of Minnesota .
The state of Kansas is home to 26 of these landmarks , illustrating the state's military and frontier heritage , as well as its contributions to the broader themes of the Civil Rights Movement , the Progressive Movement , and others .
The wasp has also been seen in the United States , namely the states of Florida , Georgia , and Arizona .
Florida is a village in Orange County , New York , United States .
The 2000 United States presidential election in Nebraska took place on November 7 , 2000 , and was part of the 2000 United States presidential election .
This is a list of law enforcement agencies in the state of Minnesota .
The Treaty of Detroit , negotiated on November 17 , 1807 , surrendered land consisting of approximately the southeast quarter of the lower peninsula of present - day Michigan and a small section of present - day Ohio from the Odawa , Ojibwe , Wyandot , and Potawatomi to the United States government .
Monroe County is located in the Arkansas Delta in the U.S . state of Arkansas .
The watershed of the Delaware River drains an area of and encompasses 42 counties and 838 municipalities in five U.S . states - New York , New Jersey , Pennsylvania , Maryland , and Delaware .
Newtok Airport is a state - owned public - use airport located one nautical mile ( 1.85 km ) west of the central business district of Newtok , a village in the Bethel Census Area of the U.S . state of Alaska .
The 1996 United States presidential election in Kentucky took place on November 5 , 1996 , as part of the 1996 United States presidential election .
Taylor County is a county located in the state of Florida .
Utah is one of the Four Corners states , and is bordered by Idaho in the north , Wyoming in the north and east ; by Colorado in the east ; at a single point by New Mexico to the southeast ; by Arizona in the south ; and by Nevada in the west .
The Windham - 3 - 2 Representative District is a one member state Representative district in the U.S . state of Vermont .
According to the 2011 census , Nellore district has a population of 2,966,082 , roughly equal to the nation of Armenia or the US state of Mississippi .
This is a list of lakes in the U.S . state of West Virginia .
According to the U.S . Census , as of 2010 , Oklahoma has a historical estimated population of 3,751,351 which is an increase of 300,058 or 8.7 percent , since the year 2000 .
In Florida , major executive decisions are not made by the governor alone , but rather by a vote of the four members of the Florida Cabinet .
Van Buren County is a county located in the U.S . state of Iowa .
New York State Route 281 ( NY 281 ) is a north – south state highway in central New York in the United States .
Winona County is a county located in the U.S . state of Minnesota .
The Grand Bay National Estuarine Research Reserve is one of the most biologically productive estuarine ecosystems in the Gulf of Mexico region , supporting several rare or endangered plant and animal species , numerous important marine fishery resources , diverse habitat types and archaeological sites , in the U.S . State of Mississippi .
Downstate New York is a term denoting the southern portion of New York State , United States , in contrast to Upstate New York , which denotes the upper portion .
Jackson County is a county located in the U.S . state of Illinois with a population of 60,218 at the 2010 census .
Alaska was won by incumbent President George W . Bush by a 25.6 % margin of victory .
The history of Arkansas began millennia ago when humans first crossed into North America .
Nebraska has three congressional districts due to its population , each of which elects a member to the United States House of Representatives .
It is the fifth - largest county in Ohio by land area .
The Oklahoma Constitution sets the requirements to hold the office of Secretary of State : the appointee must be a citizen of the State of Oklahoma , at least thirty - one years of age and a resident of the United States for ten years , the same as all high - level executive branch officials .
New York State Route 343 ( NY 343 ) is a state highway located entirely within central Dutchess County , in the Hudson Valley region of the U.S . state of New York .
Alaska became a territory of the United States on May 11 , 1912 , and was admitted as the 49th state on January 3 , 1959 .
Eagle County is one of the 64 counties of the U.S . state of Colorado .
Scott County is a county located in the U.S . state of Iowa .
Estimates for the pre - contact populations of most native groups in California have varied substantially .
The following is a list of forts in the U.S . state of Vermont .
The Croatan National Forest ( ) is a U.S . National Forest , was established on July 29 , 1936 , and is located on the Atlantic coast of North Carolina .
The Koochiching State Forest is a state forest located near International Falls in Itasca , Koochiching , and Saint Louis counties , Minnesota .
Three states elected governors in 2007 , although only two of them voted on November 6 , namely Kentucky and Mississippi .
The 1992 United States presidential election in Arizona took place on November 3 , 1992 , as part of the 1992 United States presidential election .
Lewis County is a county in the U.S . state of Washington .
Genesee County is a county in the U.S . state of Michigan .
Since its statehood in 1816 , the U.S . state of Indiana has sent congressional delegations to the United States Senate and United States House of Representatives .
Hancock County is a county located in the U.S . state of Georgia .
Cyprus , southern Africa , New Zealand , western United States ( California ) , Hawaii , Macaronesia , and the Caucasus ( Western Georgia ) .
The Articles took effect on March 1 , 1781 , when Maryland became the final state to ratify them .
The Pascack Valley is the name for a region of New Jersey , United States , contained within Bergen County .
Colorado was won by Governor George W . Bush by an 8.36 % margin of victory .
Albany County ( ) is a county in the state of New York , in the United States .
Since its admission to statehood in 1845 , Florida has participated in every U.S . presidential election except the election of 1864 , during the American Civil War , when the state had seceded to join the Confederacy .
Texas District 13 of the United States House of Representatives is a Congressional District of the U.S . state of Texas that includes most of the Texas Panhandle , parts of Texoma and northeastern parts of North Texas .
This is a list of newspapers in Minnesota .
According to the 2011 census Nawada district has a population of 2,216,653 , roughly equal to the nation of Latvia or the US state of New Mexico .
The 2006 United States House of Representatives election in Wyoming were held on November 4 , 2006 to determine who will represent the state of Wyoming in the United States House of Representatives .
This is a list of law enforcement agencies in the state of Wyoming .
State Route 135 ( SR 135 ) is a state highway in the south - central part of the U.S . state of Georgia .
The 1920 United States presidential election in Connecticut took place on November 2 , 1920 , as part of the 1920 United States Presidential Election which was held throughout all contemporary 48 states .
The Southeastern New England AVA is an American Viticultural Area that includes portions of thirteen counties in three New England states : Connecticut , Massachusetts , and Rhode Island .
The diocese was a suffragan diocese of the Archdiocese of Mexico with its episcopal see located in Monterey , and included all Mexican territory west of the Colorado River and the Gulf of California ( the modern U.S . states of California and Nevada , and parts of Utah , Arizona , and Colorado , and the Mexican states of Baja California and Baja California Sur ) .
Part of the border between the United States ( Alaska ) and Canada ( Yukon ) is defined by the meridian .
The demographics of the 2nd District vary widely , ranging from the liberal and culturally diverse population centers of New London , Norwich , and Windham , to the blue - collar towns of Enfield and Vernon , to the wealthy ( and traditionally Republican ) towns along the coast like Old Saybrook and Mystic where many millionaires from both Connecticut and New York maintain vacation homes .
Madison is a town in the southeastern corner of New Haven County , Connecticut , United States , occupying a central location on Connecticut's Long Island Sound shoreline .
Mayes County is a county located in the U.S . state of Oklahoma .
This was an enormous county , including the northern part of New York State as well as all of the present State of Vermont and , in theory , extending westward to the Pacific Ocean .
In Florida , 90 % of Nicaraguans reside in the Miami Metropolitan Area .
The Seymour / Blair ticket carried the state of Georgia on election day .
The forest fire was one of a series of fires that consumed much of Maine's forest in a dry year .
The U.S . state of Arizona has two official state songs , although neither is named as such .
The Oregon high desert is a region of the U.S . state of Oregon located east of the Cascade Range and south of the Blue Mountains , in the central and eastern parts of the state .
Presidential Lakes Estates is an unincorporated community and census - designated place ( CDP ) located within Pemberton Township , in Burlington County , New Jersey , United States .
The San Juan Preservation Trust is a private , non - profit and membership - based land trust dedicated to helping people and communities conserve land on the San Juan Islands in Washington state .
A narrow strip along the entire Western border of Massachusetts has been designated by the U.S . Forest Service for potential conservation as the " Taconic Mountains Forest Legacy Area " under its Forest Legacy Program .
St . Lawrence County is a county in the U.S . state of New York .
The state of Alabama has had six constitutions .
The Constitution of Vermont details the powers of the Governor : There is a separately - elected Lieutenant Governor of Vermont .
Swan Island is an island in the Alexander Archipelago , east of Admiralty Island , near the head of Seymour Canal , Southeast Alaska , United States .
The US state Vermont has many symbols , some officially codified by legislation ( mineral , flower , bird , beverage , pie , mammal , song , insect , tree , and fish ) , and several unofficial symbols .
The 1789 United States presidential election in Virginia took place between December 15 , 1788 and January 10 , 1789 , as part of the 1788 – 1789 United States presidential election to elect the first President .
The following table indicates the party of elected officials in the U.S . state of New Mexico : The table also indicates the historical party composition in the : For years in which a presidential election was held , the table indicates which party's nominees received the state's electoral votes .
The Martin River is a stream on the Kenai Peninsula in the U.S . state of Alaska .
The Connecticut House of Representatives is the lower house in the Connecticut General Assembly , the state legislature of the US state of Connecticut .
Formed by fire , ice , floods , and volcanic tempest , carved by periods of extreme violence of natural forces , the refuge lies in the middle of the Drumheller Channeled Scablands of central Washington .
The state of Nebraska in the United States has nonpartisan elections for its legislature because candidates are neither endorsed nor supported by political parties .
The Cuyama River ( , , or ) is a river in southern San Luis Obispo County , northern Santa Barbara County , and northern Ventura County , in the U.S . state of California .
The exceptions include : the original Thirteen Colonies ; Kentucky and West Virginia ( both split off from Virginia ) ; Maine ( split off from Massachusetts ) ; California ( created as a state out of the unorganized territory of the Mexican Cession ) ; and Vermont and Texas ( both previously self - declared republics ) .
Nestucca Bay is a bay formed by the confluence of the Nestucca River and the Pacific Ocean in northwest Oregon in the United States .
California has 5,560 pharmacies , the most of any state .
Barry County is a county located in the southwest portion of the U.S . state of Missouri .
Minneapolis – Saint Paul is the most populous urban area in the state of Minnesota , and is composed of 182 cities and townships built around the Mississippi , Minnesota , and St . Croix rivers .
The Orleans - 2 Representative District is a two - member state Representative district in the U.S . state of Vermont .
Maine voted for the Republican nominee , Secretary of Commerce Herbert Hoover of California , over the Democratic nominee , Governor Alfred E . Smith of New York .
The history of human activity in Indiana , a U.S . state in the Midwest , began with migratory tribes of Native Americans who inhabited Indiana as early as 8000 BC .
The US state of Maine has been the setting of many works of popular culture .
The following is a list of the highest mountains in the State of Washington .
Kuiu Island is an island in the Alexander Archipelago in southeastern Alaska .
The 1948 United States presidential election in Oklahoma took place on November 2 , 1948 .
Casey ( pronounced CAY - zee ) is a city in Clark and Cumberland counties in the U.S . state of Illinois .
Kentucky , Massachusetts , Pennsylvania , and Virginia use the term " commonwealth " rather than " state " in their full official names .
Ballast Point is a neighborhood located in the city of Tampa , county of Hillsborough , and the U.S . state of Florida .
Sarana Pass is a pass in the mountains of northeastern Attu Island in the Aleutian Islands in Alaska .
Ralph Wien Memorial Airport is a state - owned public - use airport located one nautical mile ( 1.85 km ) south of the central business district of Kotzebue , a city on the Baldwin Peninsula in the Northwest Arctic Borough of the U.S . state of Alaska .
Arizona , a state in the southwestern region of the United States of America , is known for its high population of Native Americans .
Monroe State Forest is a publicly owned forest with recreational features located in the towns of Monroe and Florida , Massachusetts .
Maine voted for the Republican nominee , Vice President George H . W . Bush , over the Democratic nominee , Massachusetts Governor Michael Dukakis , by a margin of 11.45 percentage points .
33 / km ² ) , and California with 213.4 inhabitants / sq mi . (
In 1854 , the Kansas Territory was organized under the provisions of the Kansas - Nebraska Act , then in 1861 Kansas became the 34th U.S . state .
The 1816 United States presidential election in Connecticut took place between November 1 to December 4 , 1816 , as part of the 1816 United States presidential election .
The Kootenai is a region in the northwest of the US state of Montana encompassing the Cabinet Mountains and Lincoln County , Montana and the Kootenai National Forest ( reference other Montana regions such as The Flathead and The Bitterroot ) .
Sequoyah County is a county located in the U.S . state of Oklahoma .
AP suggests spelling out the names of Alaska , Hawaii , and all states with five or fewer letters ; and , unlike the old GPO recommendations , AP suggests spelling out the names of all non - state territories , with the exception of the District of Columbia ( D.C . ) .
Earth scientists typically divide California into eleven distinct geomorphic provinces with clearly defined boundaries .
Stampede Airport is a public use airport located 25 nautical miles ( 29 mi , 46 km ) northeast of the central business district of Kantishna , a community in the Denali Borough of the U.S . state of Alaska .
Most such designations are found in sections 420 - 429.8 of the California Government Code .
Boone County is a county located in the U.S . state of Kentucky .
In 1792 , after 10 constitutional conventions and three statehood enabling acts passed by the Virginia legislature , Kentucky was admitted as a state on June 1 , 1792 .
It is made up of most of present - day Maine in the United States , and New Brunswick , mainland Nova Scotia , Cape Breton Island , Prince Edward Island and some of Quebec south of the St . Lawrence River in Canada .
This list of birds of Mississippi contains species credibly documented in the U.S . state of Mississippi , as accepted by the Mississippi Ornithological Society Bird Records Committee ( MBRC ) .
Missouri , a state near the geographical center of the United States , has three distinct physiographic divisions : The boundary between the northern plains and the Ozark region follows the Missouri river from its mouth at St . Louis to Columbia .
The Chittenden - 3 - 9 Representative District is a one - member state Representative district in the U.S . state of Vermont .
Okeechobee County ( ) is a county located in the state of Florida .
Lemhi County is a county located in the U.S . state of Idaho .
In California , a ballot proposition can be a referendum or an initiative measure that is submitted to the electorate for a direct decision or direct vote ( or plebiscite ) .
Buchanan County is a county located in the U.S . state of Iowa .
The Twin Tiers are the collective counties that lie on the New York - Pennsylvania border on either side of the 42nd parallel north .
Over 50 species threatened in Florida are found on the base , including sea turtles that nest on its white - sand beaches and red - cockaded woodpeckers that thrive in its longleaf pine forests .
Osceola County is a county located in the U.S . state of Iowa .
Montgomery County ( county code MG ) is a county located in the U.S . state of Kansas .
The Coeur d'Alene ( Schitsu'umsh or Skitswish in their Coeur d'Alene language , meaning " The Discovered People " or " Those Who Are Found Here " ) are a Native American nation and one of five federally recognized tribes in the state of Idaho .
It lies mostly in Warren County in the state of Mississippi but is also partly in Madison Parish , in the state of Louisiana .
The Presidential Range in the White Mountains of New Hampshire consist of a series of mountains whose maximum elevation ( the summit of Mount Washington ) reaches .
According to the 2011 census Lucknow district has a population of 4,588,455 , roughly equal to the nation of Georgia or the US state of Louisiana .
Colorado voters chose six representatives , or electors , to the Electoral College , who voted for president and vice president .
Blanchard Island is an island in the Mississippi River between the U.S . states of Illinois and Iowa at .
Barack Obama carried five of the state’s eight congressional districts in Minnesota , including one seat held by a Republican .
The Moyie River is a long tributary of the Kootenai River ( spelled Kootenay River in Canada ) in the U.S . state of Idaho and the Canadian province of British Columbia .
The Democratic candidate has won Oregon in every election since 1988 .
U.S . Route 11 ( US 11 ) in the U.S . state of Georgia is a U.S . Highway the travels south - to - north through portions of Dade County in the northwestern part of the state .
The 1996 United States presidential election in Illinois took place on November 5 , 1996 , as part of the 1996 United States presidential election .
William O'Brien remains one of the top five most - visited state parks in Minnesota .
Agate Beach State Recreation Site is a state park between Newport and Agate Beach in Lincoln County in the U.S . state of Oregon .
The Sooes River is a stream on the Olympic Peninsula in the U.S . state of Washington .
Donald Trump won the election in North Dakota with 63.0 % of the vote , making it his fourth strongest state in the 2016 election after Wyoming , West Virginia and Oklahoma .
The Headlands is a county park in the U.S . state of Michigan .
When California was admitted to the United States as a state in 1850 , Americans began to move into the area .
Somervell County ( ) is a county on the Edwards Plateau in the U.S . state of Texas .
He was the first governor to serve a four - year term under changes to the Rhode Island Constitution , and was the first to be bound by a two - term limit .
This marked the first time since Iowa entered the union in 1846 in which the state voted for a Democratic presidential candidate in four elections in a row ( 1988 , 1992 , 1996 , and 2000 ) , and the last time Iowa did not vote for the overall winner .
Ida County is a county located in the U.S . state of Iowa .
Echium italicum , the Italian viper's bugloss , Lady Campbell weed , or pale bugloss , is a species of plant from Boraginaceae family , that can be found in the Mediterranean Basin ( especially in Italy , hence the name " italicum " ) and , as an introduced species in the United States ( for example in the state of Maryland ) .
Term limits were passed by state voters in a constitutional referendum in 1995 and were subsequently added as Article III , § 4 , of the Louisiana Constitution .
Straits State Park is a state park in the U.S . state of Michigan located in St . Ignace , Mackinac County , on the northern shore of the Straits of Mackinac .
Arey Lagoon is a bay on the Beaufort Sea coast of the U.S . state of Alaska .
Most recently on February 28 , 2013 the Office of Management and Budget defined 1,098 statistical areas for the United States , including 8 combined statistical areas , 15 metropolitan statistical areas , and 23 micropolitan statistical areas in the State of Georgia .
Grand Chute is the largest town in Wisconsin , both in terms of population ( 20,919 at the 2010 census ) and valuation ( over $ 2.4 billion ) .
Most recently on December 1 , 2009 , the Office of Management and Budget defined 1067 statistical areas for the United States , including seven metropolitan statistical areas and four micropolitan statistical areas in the State of Arizona .
Arizona is the sixth largest state by area , ranked after New Mexico and before Nevada .
Tables showing membership in the Wisconsin federal House delegation throughout history of statehood in the United States .
Marie Wadley was born in Pensacola , Indian Territory , on December 16 , 1906 , less than a year before the territory became the U.S . state of Oklahoma in 1907 .
Table of United States congressional district boundary maps in the State of Colorado , presented chronologically .
This list includes state parks , public reserved lands , and state historic sites in the U.S . state of Maine .
there are four former U.S . governors of Oregon who are currently living at this time , the oldest U.S . governor of Oregon being Barbara Roberts ( served 1991 – 1995 , born 1936 ) .
These settlers were part of a geopolitical rivalry between the United States and Great Britain over who would control the Oregon Territory , which comprised the modern states of Oregon , Washington , Idaho , a portion of Montana , and the province of British Columbia .
California's Central Valley is a large , flat valley that dominates the central portion of California , stretching inland and parallel to the Pacific Ocean coast .
Buena Vista County is a county located in the U.S . state of Iowa .
Hypericum gramineum " occurs in New Zealand , Australia , New Caledonia , Papua - New Guinea , Vietnam , Taiwan , China ( Hainan , Yunnan ) , India ( Meghalaya , Manipur ) , Bhutan , and the United States ( Hawaii ) .
Baraga County ( ) is a county in the Upper Peninsula in the U.S . state of Michigan .
The Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo , ending the war , was signed February 2 , 1848 and California became a territory of the United States .
Hesperia is a village in Newaygo and Oceana counties in the U.S . state of Michigan .
The U.S . state of South Carolina is the 23rd largest state by population , with a population of 5,024,369 as of 2017 United States Census estimates .
Russell Island is a small private island in the St . Clair River in the U.S . state of Michigan between Algonac and Walpole Island , Ontario , Canada .
Their current range stretches from northwest Venezuela and western Colombia and Ecuador in the south to Minnesota in the north , to Oregon , Idaho , and California in the west , to Florida in the east , with vagrants occurring as far north as southern Canada .
Harrison's 28.43 % margin of victory made it his strongest victory in the election while he carried 63.90 % of the popular vote made Vermont his second strongest state after Kentucky .
Hubbard County is a county located in the U.S . state of Minnesota .
At the time of Vermont's secession in 1777 , the Constitution of the United States did not yet exist .
It is found in the United States in the state of Texas , and it is found in Mexico in the states of Coahuila , Durango , and Chihuahua .
The city is on the former Hickel Highway , that now connects to the Dalton Highway as a winter ice road only and crosses the Jim River ( Alaska ) .
The bill made New York the sixth state in the United States to legalize and retain the in - state certification and legalization of same - sex marriage ( excluding California , which legalized and performed some 18,000 same - sex marriages before a ban on further marriages was promulgated through referendum ) , and also made the state the most populous in the union to do so .
This is a list of elections in the U.S . state of North Carolina .
The Northwest Ordinance created the Northwest Territory , which encompassed the modern states of Illinois , Indiana , Ohio , Michigan , Wisconsin , and a portion of Minnesota .
Chisago County ( ) is a county located in the U.S . state of Minnesota .
The 2008 congressional elections in Arizona were held on November 4 , 2008 , to determine who would represent the state of Arizona in the United States House of Representatives , coinciding with the presidential election .
It is the longest highway in North Carolina .
There are 37 state parks in the U.S . state of West Virginia .
The term " Oregon " may refer to : The history of Oregon , and of the Pacific Northwest , has received little attention from historians , as compared to other regions of the American far west .
How is a town in Oconto County , Wisconsin , United States .
Boise County is a rural mountain county in the U.S . state of Idaho .
Schuyler County is a county in the U.S . state of Illinois .
Anastasia State Park is a state park in Florida , United States .
The 1964 United States presidential election in Colorado took place on November 3 , 1964 , as part of the 1964 United States presidential election .
It is bordered by Oregon to the north , Nevada to the east and northeast , Arizona to the southeast , the Pacific Ocean to the west and it shares an international border with the Mexican state of Baja California to the south ( with which it makes up part of The Californias region of North America , alongside Baja California Sur ) .
This is a list of butterflies that can be found in the U.S . state of Connecticut .
Anchor Bay is a freshwater bay that lies to the North and is a part of Lake St . Clair and is located in the U.S . state of Michigan .
Sullivan County is a county located in the northern portion of the U.S . state of Missouri .
Found in the U.S . states of New Mexico and Arizona and the Mexican states of Chihuahua and Sonora , these numerous mountains form links in a chain connecting the northern end of the Sierra Madre Occidental and the southern Colorado Plateau .
Nicollet County is a county in the U.S . state of Minnesota .
It is distributed through the states of California , Oregon , and Washington , as well as British Columbia , Canada .
This diocese – with its episcopal see located in Monterey – included all Mexican territory west of the Colorado River and the Gulf of California ( the modern U.S . states of California and Nevada , and parts of Utah , Arizona , and Colorado , as well as the modern Mexican states of Baja California and Baja California Sur ) .
Newtok ( " Niugtaq " in Central Alaskan Yup'ik ) is a small village on the Ningliq River in the Bethel Census Area , Alaska , United States .
Lopez Island is the third largest of the San Juan Islands and an unincorporated town in San Juan County , Washington , United States .
The government of the U.S . state of Ohio consists of the executive , judicial , and legislative branches .
California's 1st congressional district is a congressional district in the U.S . state of California .
Atlanta ( ) is the capital of , and the most populous city in , the U.S . state of Georgia .
On January 3 , 1959 , after much struggle and through the efforts of many , Alaska finally became the 49th state of the United States of America after President Eisenhower's signing of the official declaration .
The Constitution of the State of Georgia is the governing document of the U.S . State of Georgia .
The Sand Ridge State Forest largely dates back to 1939 , when the state of Illinois purchased parcels of submarginal sandy farmland for conservation purposes .
Blaine County is a county in the U.S . state of Montana .
Walla Walla County is a county located in the U.S . state of Washington .
California's 50th congressional district is a congressional district in the U.S . state of California , and encompasses the central and northeastern parts of San Diego County and a small part of Riverside County .
Lawrence County is a county located in the U.S . state of Mississippi .
According to the 2011 census Etawah district has a population of 1,575,247 , roughly equal to the nation of Gabon or the US state of Idaho .
Harper County ( county code HP ) is a county located in the U.S . state of Kansas .
Alexander County is the southernmost county of the U.S . state of Illinois .
Adams County is a county in the U.S . state of Wisconsin .
Over 82 percent settle in the Northeast region of the United States , 76 percent in New York state alone .
This is a list of lieutenant governors of the U.S . state of Iowa .
The Unity Party of America is a centrist political party founded on November 4 , 2004 which has a membership in 38 states ( Alaska , Arizona , Arkansas , California , Colorado , Connecticut , Florida , Georgia , Illinois , Indiana , Iowa , Kansas , Kentucky , Louisiana , Maine , Maryland , Michigan , Minnesota , Mississippi , Missouri , Nebraska , Nevada , New Jersey , New Mexico , New York , North Carolina , Ohio , Oklahoma , Oregon , Pennsylvania , South Carolina , Tennessee , Texas , Utah , Virginia , Washington , West Virginia and Wisconsin ) listed on its website , as well as the District of Columbia under the name " Unity Party of New Columbia " .
The islands in the southern portion of the county are part of the North Maumee Bay Archeological District of the Detroit River International Wildlife Refuge , in which Turtle Island is the only island in the state of Michigan that is shared by another state .
Calhoun County is a county located in the U.S . state of Florida .
The Maryland state elections of 2006 decided who will serve in hundreds of political offices throughout the state of Maryland in the United States .
These include the state of Nebraska and territories of Guam and the Virgin Islands in the United States , the Chinese Special Administrative Regions of Hong Kong and Macau , the Australian state of Queensland as well as the Northern Territory and the Australian Capital Territory , a majority of the provinces of Argentina , all of the provinces and territories in Canada , all of the German Bundesländer , all of the Regions of Italy , all of the Spanish Autonomous Communities , both the Autonomous Regions of Portugal , most of the States of India and all of the States of Brazil .
The following is a bibliography of New York .
However , according to the " Los Angeles Times " , California's population growth has slowed dramatically in the 21st century .
The Silos & Smokestacks region covers the northeast third of the state of Iowa , including thirty - seven counties .
From 2016 , New York will have 29 electoral votes in national presidential elections ( a drop from its peak of 47 votes from 1933 to 1953 ) .
The table below shows the recent population of these statistical areas and the 16 counties of Maine .
According to the 2011 census Nalanda district has a population of 2,872,523 , roughly equal to the nation of Jamaica or the US state of Kansas .
The Northwest Montana Wetland Management District is located in the U.S . state of Montana and is an integral part of the National Bison Range Complex along with four other wildlife refuges and the National Bison Range .
Red Rock Lakes National Wildlife Refuge is a remote refuge located in the high altitude of the Centennial Valley , in the southwestern region of the U.S . state of Montana .
There are 65 properties listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Albany , New York , United States .
This article shows the U.S . Census totals for Aroostook County , Maine , broken down by municipality , from 1900 to 2000 .
Crook County is a county in the U.S . state of Oregon .
Isanti County ( ) is a county located in the U.S . state of Minnesota .
According to the 2011 census South Tripura district has a population of 875,144 , roughly equal to the nation of Fiji or the US state of Delaware .
The variety of locales and amenities of the parks reflect the diverse geography of Oregon , including beaches , forests , lakes , rock pinnacles , and deserts .
Arkansas , originally part of the Louisiana Purchase , became part of the Missouri Territory in 1812 , when Louisiana became a state .
The Central region of New York ( formerly the Central - Leatherstocking Region ) is a tourism region in New York State defined by the New York State Division of Tourism ( I Love NY ) .
Lake Ahquabi State Park is a state park of Iowa , US , featuring a reservoir . "
Boulder County is one of the 64 counties of the U.S . state of Colorado of the United States .
Phillips County ( standard abbreviation : PL ) is a county located in the U.S . state of Kansas .
State Route 70 ( SR 70 ) is an state highway entirely within southern Shelby County in the north - central part of the U.S . state of Alabama .
The Columbia Bar , also frequently called the Columbia River Bar , is a system of bars and shoals at the mouth of the Columbia River spanning the U.S . states of Oregon and Washington .
Morgan County is a county located in the U.S . state of Illinois .
Escambia County is a county of the U.S . state of Alabama .
The Kenai National Wildlife Refuge is a wildlife habitat preserve located on the Kenai Peninsula of Alaska , United States .
It is found in British Columbia in Canada , Guatemala , Mexico , and in the western United States , including California .
The following is an alphabetical list of members of the United States House of Representatives from the state of Illinois .
The Puget Sound AVA is an American Viticultural Area in western Washington state .
With 21 years of service , he was the longest - serving governor of a U.S . state until December 14 , 2015 , when Iowa governor Terry Branstad surpassed him .
" Highway Patrol " " State Highway Patrol " " State Patrol " Unlike the other 49 states , Hawaii is not a continuous piece of land , but rather an archipelago , consisting primarily of eight major islands .
North Washington is an unorganized territory in Washington County , Maine , United States .
Florida's 1st congressional district is a congressional district in the U.S . state of Florida , covering the state's western Panhandle .
In the United States , it has been recorded from Massachusetts , Iowa , New York and South Carolina .
In addition , nationwide anger among the 13 states about the Yazoo land scandal resulted in Georgia leaders defining their claim in 1802 at the Chattahoochee River up to its head of navigation at the site of modern Columbus and a line running north by west from there .
According to the 2011 census Cachar district has a population of 1,736,319 , roughly equal to the nation of The Gambia or the US state of Nebraska .
The Mexican – American War , followed by the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo in 1848 and the Gadsden Purchase in 1853 , extended U.S . control over a wide range of territory once held by Spain and later Mexico , including the present day states of New Mexico , Colorado , Utah , Nevada , Arizona , and California .
The Mesa Verde region has long been occupied by the Utes , and an 1868 treaty between them and the United States government recognized Ute ownership of all Colorado land west of the Continental Divide .
The United States District Court for the District of Louisiana was established on April 8 , 1812 , by , several weeks before Louisiana was formally admitted as a state of the union .
The Kootenai and the Clark Fork rivers are the major rivers and are fed by abundant rainfall that is more than double that amount found elsewhere in Montana .
It is , by acreage , the largest wilderness area located within the U.S . state of Illinois .
Great Bay is a tidal estuary located in Strafford and Rockingham counties in eastern New Hampshire , United States .
Minden City is a village in Sanilac County of the U.S . state of Michigan .
Only Washington , D.C . and Clinton's home state of Arkansas gave the majority of their votes to a single candidate in the entire country ; the rest were won by pluralities of the vote .
Christopher T . Sununu ( ; born November 5 , 1974 ) is an American Republican politician , businessman , and engineer serving as the 82nd and current Governor of New Hampshire since January 2017 .
The official motto of the state of Illinois is " State Sovereignty - National Union " .
It is part of Margaret Lewis Norrie State Park , located in the town of Hyde Park in Dutchess County , in the state of New York .
It is native to cool temperate regions of the Northern Hemisphere , in central , eastern and northern Europe ( France and Norway eastward ) , northern Asia and northern North America ( Alaska , Canada , and northeastern contiguous United States ) .
The National Park Service identifies 18 historic sites within national park units in New York State , and lists these together with the NHLs in the state , and there are also two National Historic Sites that are " affiliated areas , " receiving National Park Service support but not directly administered by it .
According to the 2011 census Uttar Dinajpur district has a population of 3,000,849 , roughly equal to the nation of Albania or the US state of Mississippi .
Chuck River Wilderness is a wilderness area located within the Tongass National Forest in the U.S . state of Alaska .
Only six states did not hold state legislative elections : Louisiana , Mississippi , New Jersey , Virginia , Alabama , and Maryland .
Milwaukee ( , ) is the largest city in the state of Wisconsin and the fifth - largest city in the Midwestern United States .
Since its admission to statehood in 1787 , New Jersey has participated in every U.S . presidential election .
Winston County is a county located in the U.S . state of Mississippi .
The Beartooths have the largest unbroken area of land in excess of in altitude in the U.S . outside of Alaska .
Tables showing membership in the Georgia federal House delegation throughout history of statehood in the United States .
The Buffalo Niagara Region is an economic region that is part of the Great Lakes region of North America , comprising much of Western New York in the United States .
The Supreme Court of Louisiana is the highest court and court of last resort in the U.S . state of Louisiana .
There are currently 3142 counties and county - equivalents in the United States , including the boroughs and census areas of Alaska , the parishes of Louisiana , the independent cities Baltimore , Maryland , St . Louis , Missouri , Carson City , Nevada , 38 cities in Virginia and Washington , D.C . . There are also counties and county equivalents in the provinces of Canada from Ontario to Nova Scotia .
Sullivan is a town in Madison County , New York , United States .
It is one of the ABC islands of Alaska .
The following is a list of prominent people who were born in / lived in or around the U.S . state of New York , or for whom New York is a significant part of their identity .
Maine was won by the Republican nominees , incumbent President Ulysses S . Grant of Illinois and his running mate Senator Henry Wilson of Massachusetts .
Invasive species in Florida currently make up more than 26 % of the animal population and a full one third of the flora population .
To put this figure in perspective , the land area of Brewster County is about 10 % larger than the entire state of Connecticut , yet it has a population density of only 1.4 persons per square mile compared to the 723 persons per square mile who reside in Connecticut .
Regarding government and politics , Gunther described New York as the " best - governed " state and Wisconsin and Vermont as the two states with the " cleanest politics " , while he said Pennsylvania had the " dirtiest politics " and any of the southern states " below Mason's and Dixon's line " could qualify as " worst - governed " .
This article shows U.S . Census totals for Rockingham County , New Hampshire , broken down by municipality , from 1900 to 2000 .
Today , San Luis is the oldest continuously inhabited town in the state of Colorado .
New York State Route 9N ( NY 9N ) is a north – south state highway in northeastern New York in the United States .
Alaska became the 49th U.S . state in 1959 .
Snippet from Railway Budget , 2013 - 14 presented by Railway Minister Pawan Kumar Bansal in the Parliament on 26 February 2013 – " I propose to undertake following surveys during 2013 - 14 : " " New Lines : Dudhwa - Chandan Chouki abandoned rail line restoration " And < br > " New line Gola gokaran nath to farrukhabad baya shahjahanpur " after gauge conversion " Gauge Conversion : Mailani – Bahraich " According to the 2011 census Lakhimpur Kheri District has a population of 4,021,243 roughly equal to the nation of Liberia or the US state of Oregon .
The 1944 United States presidential election in Connecticut took place on November 7 , 1944 , as part of the 1944 United States presidential election .
Yalobusha County is a county located in the U.S . state of Mississippi .
Humans have inhabited the land now known as Missouri for at least 12,000 years .
Amelia is a census - designated place ( CDP ) in St . Mary Parish , Louisiana , United States .
Elbert County is a county located in the U.S . state of Georgia .
Norwalk was settled in 1649 , and is now the sixth most populous city in Connecticut .
The highest peak in the Northeast is Mount Washington ( New Hampshire ) , at .
As of May 2014 , job losses in New Mexico had accelerated during the previous 12 months , making it one of two states in the nation to lose jobs .
Montana State Highway 37 is a state highway in the US state of Montana .
Western Washington University ( WWU or Western ) is one of six public universities in the U.S . state of Washington .
Scio is a census - designated place comprising the primary settlement in the town of Scio , Allegany County , New York , United States .
Allakaket ( ) ( " Aalaa Kkaakk’et " in Koyukon ) is a 2nd Class City in the Yukon - Koyukuk Census Area of the Unorganized Borough of the U.S . state of Alaska .
The U.S . state of Idaho is covered by two time zones , as described below .
Like the rest of northeastern Vermont , Maidstone has historically voted for the Republican Party .
For example , the law in the U.S . state of Oregon provides : In the United Kingdom , sexually penetrating a relative is an offense .
Having settled its border with Spain , the U.S . admitted the southeastern portion of the Territory of Missouri to the Union as the state of Missouri on August 10 , 1821 .
The following is an alphabetical list of members of the United States House of Representatives from the state of Arizona .
the approximately 16,030 acres of land under the jurisdiction of the Taos Field Office Bureau of Land Management , New Mexico , as generally depicted on the map , is designated as wilderness and as a component of the National Wilderness Preservation System , to be known as the ` Sabinoso Wilderness " .
In the United States it can be found from New York and Nebraska in the north , south to Florida and Texas .
CNBC : " America's Top States For Business 2011 " Previously in the 2010 report , Virginia was ranked as number 2 and in the 2009 report , Virginia was ranked as number 1 .
3107 ft . / 947 m . ) is a high mountain pass in the Cascades in the state of Washington .
The key state proved to be California , which Wilson won by only 3,800 votes out of nearly a million cast .
U.S . Route 730 ( US 730 ) is an east – west United States Highway , of which all but 6.08 miles of its 41.78 miles ( 9.78 of 67.24 km ) are within the state of Oregon .
These are tables of congressional delegations from Florida to the United States House of Representatives and the United States Senate .
From List of National Natural Landmarks , these are the National Natural Landmarks in Nevada .
This was an enormous county , including the northern part of New York State as well as all of the present state of Vermont and , in theory , extending westward to the Pacific Ocean .
The 1992 United States presidential election in Mississippi took place on November 3 , 1992 , as part of the 1992 United States presidential election .
Nizina River is the largest tributary of the Chitina River in the U.S . state of Alaska .
In 1907 , Congress admitted Oklahoma to the Union as the 46th state and federal territorial courts immediately transferred all non - federal cases involving Native Americans to state courts .
New Mexico Route 501 is a very short state highway in New Mexico , United States of America .
The metropolitan area includes New York City ( the most populous city in the United States ) , Long Island , and the Mid and Lower Hudson Valley in the state of New York ; the five largest cities in New Jersey : Newark , Jersey City , Paterson , Elizabeth , and Edison , and their vicinities ; six of the seven largest cities in Connecticut : Bridgeport , New Haven , Stamford , Waterbury , Norwalk , and Danbury , and their vicinities .
Clay County ( county code CY ) is a county located in the U.S . state of Kansas .
Louisiana was won by Governor George W . Bush , a dramatic swing from the statewide results in 1996 when Democrat President Bill Clinton carried the state with 52 % of the vote and with a double - digit margin of victory .
The Oregon territory , which then included Washington state and this island .
Deer Island is an island located at the mouth of Cold Bay on the south side of the Alaska Peninsula in the state of Alaska , USA .
Wisconsin is a state located in the Midwestern United States .
Greene County is a county located in the U.S . state of Missouri .
The Boston Mountains is a Level III ecoregion designated by the Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) in the U.S . states of Arkansas and Oklahoma .
It is located in Yellowstone county , and has one of the geographically largest trade , cultural , business and medical areas in the United States ; this includes all of Montana , northern Wyoming and the western Dakotas .
One was established from unorganized territory : California ( 1850 , from land ceded to the United States by Mexico in 1848 under the terms of the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo ) .
The 1994 congressional elections in Maryland were held on November 8 , 1994 , to determine who will represent the state of Maryland in the United States House of Representatives .
Sturgeon Lake is a lake on Sauvie Island in the U.S . state of Oregon .
In 1774 , and again in 1775 , he served as Commissioner of Indian Affairs in for the Province of New York . During the first New York Provincial Congress , which was convened in New York City on May 22 , 1775 , Douw served as vice - president with Peter Van Brugh Livingston as president .
Adair County is a county located in the northeastern part of the U.S . state of Missouri .
Carp River is a river in Chippewa and Mackinac counties in the U.S . state of Michigan .
Lewis County is located in northwestern New York State , slightly east of due north from Syracuse .
The 2012 United States presidential election in Washington took place on November 6 , 2012 , as part of the 2012 General Election in which all 50 states plus The District of Columbia participated .
Sac County is a county located in the U.S . state of Iowa .
The 2010 Census defines 360 census - designated places or CDPs within the state of Arizona , with a combined population of 894,461 accounting for 13.99 % of the state population .
Withee is a village in Clark County in the U.S . state of Wisconsin .
There were fewer than 10,000 females in a total California population ( not including Native Americans who were not counted ) of about 120,000 residents in 1850 .
Jefferson County is located in the northern lobe of New York State , adjacent to the area where the Saint Lawrence River exits Lake Ontario .
Binghamton is south of the junction of the Susquehanna River and Chenango River and is in the Southern Tier of New York State .
The following are notable people who were born in , raised in , or have lived for a significant period of time in the U.S . state of Nebraska .
The 1948 United States presidential election in Georgia took place on November 2 , 1948 , as part of the wider United States Presidential election .
Benton County is a county located in the U.S . state of Mississippi .
The State of Mississippi has a total of five metropolitan statistical areas ( MSAs ) that are fully or partially located in the state .
Osceola is a town in Fond du Lac County , in the U.S . state of Wisconsin .
In the meantime Florida continues to be a territory of the United States , governed by virtue of that clause in the Constitution which empowers Congress " to make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States . "
Cadotte Pass , known in the mid to late 1800s as Cadotte's Pass , is a pass in the Rocky Mountains located on the Continental Divide in the U.S . state of Montana .
In the United States , many of the states were territories or parts of territories before reaching statehood , e.g . Louisiana Territory , Mississippi Territory , Oregon Territory , Alaska Territory and Hawaii Territory .
These are tables of congressional delegations from New Mexico to the United States House of Representatives and the United States Senate .
Fueled by the growth of Los Angeles , as well as the San Francisco Bay area , including Silicon Valley , the center of America's high tech industry , California has become the most populous of all the 50 states .
Many Kanaka men married First Nations women , and their descendants can still be found in British Columbia and neighbouring parts of Canada and the United States ( the states of Washington and Oregon ) .
State Route 41 ( SR 41 ) is a state highway that runs south - to - north through portions of Calhoun , Randolph , Terrell , Webster , Marion , Talbot , Meriwether , and Coweta counties in the southwestern and west - central parts of the U.S . state of Georgia .
New Baltimore is a city and a historic , coastal resort community in Macomb County in the U.S . state of Michigan .
The government of the State of Washington is the governmental structure of the State of Washington as established by the Constitution of the State of Washington .
The 1940 United States presidential election in Idaho took place on November 5 , 1940 , as part of the 1940 United States presidential election .
The territorial issues centered on the territories of California and New Mexico , as well the state of Texas , which had been annexed in 1845 .
Wyoming is the least populous of all 50 U.S . states .
The 2000 United States presidential election in Maine took place on November 7 , 2000 , and was part of the 2000 United States presidential election .
In West Virginia , if the governorship becomes vacant , the Senate President acts as governor .
The list of ecoregions in Wisconsin are listings of terrestrial ecoregions ( see also , ecosystem ) in the United States " State of Wisconsin , as defined separately by the United States Environmental Protection Agency ( USEPA ) , and the World Wildlife Fund .
Dandapaneshwar tempal is one of the best place in Nandurbar ? According to the 2011 census Nandurbar district has a population of 1,646,177 , roughly equal to the nation of Guinea - Bissau or the US state of Idaho .
The bald eagle represents the United States which formed the state of Michigan from the Northwest Territory .
This was an enormous county , including the northern part of the present state of New York and all of the present state of Vermont and , in theory , extending westward to the Pacific Ocean .
The economy of California is the largest in the United States , boasting a $ 2.9 trillion gross state product as of 2017 .
As of 2002 , approximately one - third of Michigan's nesting pairs of piping plovers were found in Wilderness State Park .
The Politics of Maryland concerns Maryland , as one of the states comprising the United States , and so is subject to both state and federal politics .
Carpenters Island is an island in the Rogue River in the U.S . state of Oregon about one mile upstream from Galice .
Colorado was won by incumbent President Harry S . Truman ( D – Missouri ) , running with Senator Alben W . Barkley , with 51.88 % of the popular vote , against Governor Thomas Dewey ( R – New York ) , running with Governor Earl Warren , with 46.52 % of the popular vote .
Hawaii was the 15th state in the nation to legalize same - sex marriage .
Eagle Mountain , the highest point in Minnesota at 2301 feet ( 701 meters ) above sea level , is about 1700 feet above nearby Lake Superior .
Elections in Georgia are held to fill various state and federal seats .
Title I of the bill designates two million acres ( 8,000 km ² ) of wilderness in nine states ( California , Colorado , Idaho , Michigan , New Mexico , Oregon , Utah , Virginia , and West Virginia ) for protection through addition to the National Wilderness Preservation System .
Sumner is a town in Barron County in the U.S . state of Wisconsin .
Thomas Township is a civil township of Saginaw County in the U.S . state of Michigan .
Crowley County is one of the 64 counties of the U.S . state of Colorado .
Pike County is a county located in the U.S . state of Kentucky .
The island is home to a large volcanic caldera on Mount Okmok and the only field of geysers in Alaska .
Since 1972 Maine has split its Electoral votes between its two congressional districts .
Although Barack Obama won the state of Ohio , John McCain carried 10 of the state’s 18 congressional districts , including two districts held by Democratic incumbents and one district that simultaneously elected a Democrat .
The population of white squirrels makes Illinois the only state to have populations of white as well as black squirrels , the latter residing in the Quad Cities area .
Lamar County is a county located in the U.S . state of Texas , up in the Northeast Texas region of the state .
Four states , Georgia , New Hampshire , New Mexico , and North Carolina ,
Today , Louisiana has no law stating that English is the official language of the State .
In 1966 , the National Park Service reviewed Louisiana's state parks system and made many recommendations , which led to specific guidelines and requirements for state parks .
This is a list of Native American archaeological sites on the National Register of Historic Places in Pennsylvania .
Christopher Scott Murphy ( born August 3 , 1973 ) is an American politician serving as the junior United States Senator from Connecticut since 2013 .
This page lists census - designated places ( CDPs ) in the U.S . state of Wisconsin .
The United States Census Bureau estimates that the population of Louisiana was 4,670,724 on July 1 , 2015 , a 3.03 % increase since the 2010 United States Census .
Alberta is located in western Canada , bounded by the provinces of British Columbia to the west and Saskatchewan to the east , the Northwest Territories to the north , and the U.S . state of Montana to the south .
Under the County Unit System , the 159 counties in Georgia were divided by population into three categories .
It lies in Sandoval County , New Mexico , United States , just north of the city of Albuquerque .
Halifax County is a county located in the U.S . state of North Carolina .
Most of the forest is in California , but it includes about in western Nevada .
The governors of the following states and territories are limited to two consecutive terms , but are reeligible after four years out of office : Alabama , Alaska , Arizona , Colorado , Florida , Georgia , Hawaii , Kansas , Kentucky , Louisiana , Maine , Maryland , Nebraska , New Jersey , New Mexico , North Carolina , Ohio , Pennsylvania , Rhode Island , South Carolina , South Dakota , Tennessee , West Virginia , American Samoa , Guam , and the U.S . Virgin Islands .
Michigan has the second longest coastline of any state after Alaska .
It can be found in countries including Canada ( Alberta , British Columbia ) , the United States ( Alabama , Alaska , California , Colorado , Florida , Georgia , Indiana , Louisiana , Maine , Massachusetts , Missouri , Montana , New Mexico , New York , Oklahoma , Texas , Washington , ) , the Caribbean ( Bahamas , Cuba , San Vincent Island ) , Chile , Colombia , Uruguay , France , The Netherlands , Macedonia , Mexico , Norway , Slovenia , South Africa , Uganda , China , Iran , Lithuania , Kuwait , and the Philippines . "
After the 2010 census , 150 jurisdictions across 25 states were covered under Section 203 ( c ) , including statewide coverage of California , Texas , and Florida .
In Hawaii , the president of the state senate and the speaker of the state house each select two members of the Reapportionment Commission , while the minority parties in both chambers each appoint two members of the commission .
Yancey County is a county located in the U.S . state of North Carolina .
Islandia is an incorporated village in Suffolk County , New York , United States .
New York is a Democratic stronghold and one of the three largest Democratic states alongside California and Illinois .
Alabama has had a total of six different state constitutions , passed in 1819 , 1861 , 1865 , 1868 , 1875 , and 1901 .
It is known from Canada ( Québec and Manitoba ) and the United States ( including Kentucky , Illinois , New York , Pennsylvania , Florida , Vermont , Maine , Michigan , Virginia , Ohio , Colorado , Texas and Connecticut ) .
Governor Knowles State Forest is a 19,753 acre ( 79.9 km ² ) unit of the Wisconsin state park system that stretches for along the St . Croix River .
Similar legislation was established following Nevada's entrance into statehood in 1864 .
Scott County is a county located in the U.S . state of Mississippi .
Four states make up the division : Alabama , Kentucky , Mississippi , and Tennessee .
Most recently on December 1 , 2009 , the Office of Management and Budget defined 1067 statistical areas for the United States , including 2 combined statistical areas , 5 metropolitan statistical areas , and 15 micropolitan statistical areas in the State of Kansas .
The list of ecoregions in Minnesota provides an overview to the ecoregions ( see also , ecosystem ) in the U.S . state of Minnesota , as defined by the Environmental Protection Agency / Commission for Environmental Cooperation , the Minnesota Department of Natural Resources , and the World Wildlife Fund .
In order to enable Oklahoma to become a state , the federal government had required the end of tribal governments in Indian Territory .
Since its admission to statehood in 1803 , Ohio has participated in every U.S . presidential election .
St . Louis ( ) is an independent city and major U.S . port in the state of Missouri , built along the western bank of the Mississippi River , which marks Missouri's border with Illinois .
One new state , Ohio , was admitted to the Union while Jefferson was in office .
Georgia's 12th congressional district is a congressional district in the U.S . state of Georgia .
The Poospatuck Reservation is an Indian reservation of the Unkechaugi band in the community of Mastic , Suffolk County , New York , United States .
The results of elections in the state of New York have tended to be more Democratic - leaning than in most of the United States , with in recent decades a solid majority of Democratic voters , concentrated in New York City and some of its suburbs , and in the cities of Buffalo , Rochester , Syracuse , Albany , and Ithaca .
This list of current cities , towns , unincorporated communities , counties , and other recognized places in the U.S . state of Arizona , which start with the letter P . This list only includes populated areas ; it excludes physical features , ghost towns , and historical places .
Flattop Island is an island in the San Juan Islands of the U.S . state of Washington .
For instance there are chevrons in Hither Hills State Park on Long Island and in Madagascar ( such as the Fenambosy Chevron ) , as well as in interior sites of the United States such as the Palouse region of eastern Washington State , the Great Sand Dunes National Park and Preserve , and White Sands National Monument .
" This article continues the history of California in the years 1900 and later ; for events through 1899 , see History of California before 1900 . "
It is found in North America , where it has been recorded from Florida to North Carolina and west to Texas .
When Iowa was admitted as a state in 1846 , all parts of the Territory of Iowa which were not included in the State of Iowa were left unceded , as were the portions of the Territory of Wisconsin which fell west of the St . Croix River and St . Louis Bay , when Wisconsin was admitted in 1848 .
The state of New Mexico is served by the following area codes :
St . Landry Parish ( ) is a parish located in the U.S . state of Louisiana .
The Territory of Florida was an organized incorporated territory of the United States that existed from March 30 , 1822 , until March 3 , 1845 , when it was admitted to the Union as the State of Florida .
These are tables of congressional delegations from Oklahoma to the United States House of Representatives and the United States Senate .
Minneiska is a city in Wabasha and Winona counties in the U.S . state of Minnesota .
Cocke County is a county on the eastern border of the U.S . state of Tennessee .
He won Colorado , Nevada , Virginia , Indiana , Florida , Ohio , and North Carolina , all states that were won by President George W . Bush in 2004 .
Protection Island is an island located in the Strait of Juan de Fuca just north of Discovery Bay in northeastern Jefferson County , Washington , United States .
The following is an alphabetical list of articles related to the U.S . state of Kansas .
In the United States it has been found in Connecticut , Kentucky , Illinois , Colorado , Utah , Nevada , and California .
Despite being landlocked , Wyoming does contain islands ; the state contains 713.16 square miles ( 1,847 km ² ) of water , which is 0.72 % of the state's total area .
Marshall County is a county located in the U.S . state of Minnesota .
Located on the East Coast along the Atlantic Ocean in Maryland and Virginia , Assateague Island is the largest natural barrier island ecosystem in the Middle Atlantic states region that remains predominantly unaffected by human development .
Following the storm , President of the United States Barack Obama issued a disaster declaration for Baker , Bradford , Citrus , Clay , Columbia , Duval , Franklin , Gilchrist , Hernando , Highlands , Hillsborough , Lafayette , Manatee , Nassau , Pasco , Pinellas , Polk , Sarasota , Suwannee , Taylor , Union , and Wakulla Counties of Florida .
The 1872 United States presidential election in Connecticut took place on November 5 , 1872 .
Ohio was admitted to the Union on March 1 , 1803 .
It was first reported as being naturalized in British Columbia and in the US State of Washington , but is now considered invasive as far south as California .
Onekama is the name of a village and a township in Manistee County , in the U.S . state of Michigan :
Sullivan County is a county located in the U.S . state of Tennessee .
There are 30 legislative districts in Arizona , each of which is a multi - member constituency .
The current Constitution of the State of Maryland , which was ratified by the people of the state on September 18 , 1867 , forms the basic law for the U.S . state of Maryland .
The U.S . state of Wyoming faces a broad array of environmental issues stemming from environmental changes including species introduction , endangered species , global climate change , and natural resource extraction .
Interstate Highways in the U.S . state of Connecticut run a total of .
Port Clarence Bay is a waterway in the U.S . state of Alaska .
Paoha Island is a volcanic island in Mono Lake , an endorheic lake in the U.S . state of California .
The Portland metropolitan area or Greater Portland is a metropolitan area in the U.S . states of Oregon and Washington centered on the principal city of Portland , Oregon .
This list of birds of Indiana includes species documented in the U.S . state of Indiana and accepted by the Indiana Bird Records Committee ( IBRC ) of the Indiana Audubon Society .
Natural Landmarks in Colorado range from in size .
Niarada is an unincorporated area and census - designated place ( CDP ) in Flathead , Lake , and Sanders counties in the U.S . state of Montana .
This is a list of the National Natural Landmarks ( NNLs ) in West Virginia .
The entire route of US 9W in New Jersey is within Bergen County .
Arizona is home to the largest number of speakers of Native American languages in the 48 contiguous states .
Wasatch County ( ) is a county in the U.S . state of Utah .
Prescott Bush represented Connecticut in the U.S . Senate from 1952 to 1963 ; his son George H.W . Bush and grandson George W . Bush both became Presidents of the United States .
When Montana became a state in 1889 , Hunt briefly served as a member of the state legislature before becoming a judge of the First Montana State Judicial District later that year .
The Seney National Wildlife Refuge is a managed wetland in Schoolcraft County in the U.S . state of Michigan .
Minnesota Scientific and Natural Areas ( SNAs ) are public lands in the state of Minnesota that have been permanently protected to preserve any one or combination of the following : The SNA Program is housed within the Division of Ecological and Water Resources at the Minnesota Department of Natural Resources .
Crown Point ( also known historically as Thor's Heights or Thor's Crown ) is a basalt promontory on the Columbia River Gorge and an associated state park in the U.S . state of Oregon .
These are tables of congressional delegations from Alaska to the United States Senate and United States House of Representatives .
With 62.24 % of the popular vote , Rhode Island would be Garfield's fourth strongest victory in terms of percentage in the popular vote after Vermont , Nebraska and Minnesota .
The highest posted speed limit in Oregon is 70 mph on I - 84 east of The Dalles , I - 82 and US 95 ( trucks 65 mph ) .
Tom Madsen ( Dutch Harbor ) Airport is a state owned , public use airport in City of Unalaska , on Amaknak Island in the Aleutian Islands , off the coast of the U.S . state of Alaska .
According to the 2011 census Howrah district has a population of 4,841,638 , roughly equal to the nation of Singapore or the US state of Alabama .
The Nebraska Panhandle is an area in the western part of the state of Nebraska and one of several U.S . state panhandles , or elongated geographical regions that extend from their main political entity .
Since its separation from Napatree Point , Sandy Point Island has been migrating in a northwestern direction ; the northernmost five acres now lie within the boundaries of Connecticut , with the remaining thirty acres still in Rhode Island .
The zone includes nearly all of the U.S . state of Alaska and is one hour behind the Pacific Time Zone .
Table of United States congressional district boundary maps in the State of Illinois , presented chronologically .
According to the 2011 census Begusarai district has a population of 2,970,541 , roughly equal to the nation of Armenia or the US state of Mississippi .
All representatives and senators mentioned represented Vermont except where noted . *
Adams County is a county in the U.S . state of Pennsylvania .
State Route 305 ( SR 305 ) is a south - north state highway located in the east central part of the U.S . state of Georgia .
Schuyler County is a county in the U.S . state of New York .
Lincoln County is a county located in the U.S . state of Washington .
The Webster - Ashburton Treaty settled the border between the United States and lands held by the United Kingdom east of the Rocky Mountains , ending the disputes over the northern border of the state of Maine and northeastern border of Wisconsin Territory , which today resides in present day Minnesota .
Venetie ( ; " Vįįhtąįį " in Gwich’in ) , is a census - designated place ( CDP ) in Yukon – Koyukuk Census Area , Alaska , United States .
Monterey ( ) is a city located in Monterey County in the U.S . state of California , on the southern edge of Monterey Bay on California's Central Coast .
Hamilton County is a county located in the U.S . state of Iowa .
Glick first ran for the legislature in 1990 , being sworn into office the following January when she became the state of New York's first openly gay state legislator .
The 2000 United States House of Representatives election in Wyoming were held on November 7 , 2000 to determine who will represent the state of Wyoming in the United States House of Representatives .
The Oregon Department of Forestry ( ODF ) is the agency of the government of the U.S . state of Oregon which performs a wide variety of functions relating to the management , regulation and protection of both public and private forest lands in the state .
The West Cascades Scenic Byway is a National Scenic Byway in the U.S . state of Oregon .
According to the 2011 census Unnao district has a population of 3,110,595 , roughly equal to the nation of Mongolia or the US state of Iowa .
Special districts in Illinois are forms of local government that are responsible for a narrow set of responsibilities , as opposed to counties , townships , and municipal governments which have a wide range of responsibilities .
There are six National Natural Landmarks in the U.S . state of South Carolina .
Tombigbee National Forest is a U.S . National Forest in eastern and northeastern Mississippi .
This nickname was officially adopted on May 23 , 2002 , to commemorate the fact that on December 7 , 1787 , Delaware became the first of the 13 original states to ratify the U.S . Constitution .
The Beltrami Island State Forest is a state forest located in Lake of the Woods , Roseau , and Beltrami counties , Minnesota .
In the United States , this plant is found primarily in the northwestern states of Oregon and Alaska .
In Oregon , US 95 is an undivided two - lane highway in the sparsely populated high desert in the southeastern corner of the state , running completely in rural Malheur County .
This is a list of metropolitan areas of South Carolina .
It is located in southwestern Arkansas east of Texarkana and near the entrance to Interstate 30 .
It is native to much of North America including every province in Canada except the Maritimes and Newfoundland and Labrador , Yukon Territory , every state in the United States except Alaska and Hawaii , plus northern Mexico .
Lantana is a town in Palm Beach County , Florida , United States .
Geography of Idaho Places in Idaho Environment of Idaho Demographics of Idaho Politics of Idaho Government of Idaho Courts of Idaho Law of Idaho History of Idaho Culture of Idaho Sports in Idaho Economy of Idaho Education in Idaho
Allen Parish ( ) is a parish located in the U.S . state of Louisiana .
In 1859 , the territory became the state of Oregon , with the Oregon Supreme Court remaining , eventually expanded to seven justices .
The Windsor - 4 Representative District is a one - member state Representative district in the U.S . state of Vermont .
Sweet Grass County is a county located in the U.S . state of Montana .
Sam D . Hamilton Noxubee National Wildlife Refuge is a National Wildlife Refuge located in the U.S . state of Mississippi , in Noxubee , Oktibbeha , and Winston Counties .
Jack Alan Markell ( born November 26 , 1960 ) is an American former businessman and politician who served as the 73rd Governor of Delaware from 2009 to 2017 .
Colville Island is an island in the San Juan Islands of the U.S . state of Washington .
Ohio was won by Democratic nominee Barack Obama with a 4.6 % margin of victory .
The Johns River is a small tidal river in the U.S . state of Washington .
North Carolina conducted a census in 1786 , 3 years before it became a U.S . state .
St . Paul ( Aleut : Tanax̂ Amix̂ or Sanpuulax̂ ) is a city in Aleutians West Census Area , Alaska , United States .
Umpqua County was a county located in the U.S . state of Oregon .
This list of battles fought in Colorado is an incomplete list of military and other armed confrontations that have occurred within the boundaries of the modern US State of Colorado since European contact .
St . Paul is a small town on the border of Decatur and Shelby counties in the U.S . state of Indiana .
Jefferson County , Arkansas is a county located in the U.S . state of Arkansas in the area known as the Arkansas Delta , that extends west of the Mississippi River .
The state of California designated the section of the highway from Cambria to Carmel Highlands as the first California Scenic Highway in 1965 .
Centennial Watershed State Forest is a Connecticut state forest of more than 15,000 acres with larger parcels located in the towns of Easton , Newtown , Redding , and Weston .
It is reportedly naturalized in scattered parts of the United States ( Mississippi , Alabama , North Carolina and New York State ) . "
The majority of parkways in the US state of New York are part of a statewide parkway system owned by several public and private agencies but mostly maintained by the New York State Department of Transportation ( NYSDOT ) .
The 2018 United States House of Representatives elections in Minnesota were held on November 6 , 2018 , to elect the eight U.S . Representatives from the state of Minnesota , one from each of the state's eight congressional districts .
North Carolina Highway 28 ( NC 28 ) is an primary state highway in the U.S . state of North Carolina .
Mississippi was won by incumbent President George W . Bush by a 19.7 % margin of victory .
St . Johns is a city in the U.S . state of Michigan .
Ithaca is a city in the Finger Lakes region of New York .
Illinois is seen as one of the most progressive states in the United States in regard to lesbian , gay , bisexual , transgender ( LGBT ) rights and often viewed as one of the most liberal states in the Midwestern United States .
There are eighteen official symbols of the U.S . state of Minnesota , as designated by the Minnesota Legislature .
Orange County is a county in the Los Angeles metropolitan area in the U.S . state of California .
The Toquima Range is a mountain range , located primarily in Nye County with a small extension into Lander County , in Nevada , United States .
Pennsylvania is north to south and east to west .
The Rutland - Windsor - 1 Representative District is a one - member state Representative district in the U.S . state of Vermont .
The National Natural Landmarks in Michigan include 12 of the almost 600 United States National Natural Landmarks ( NNLs ) .
Ouzinkie Airport is a state - owned public - use airport serving Ouzinkie , a city on Spruce Island in the Kodiak Island Borough of the U.S . state of Alaska .
Wislow Island is an island in the Fox Islands group of the eastern Aleutian Islands in the U.S . state of Alaska .
In 1816 , 450 Onondaga were living in New York , 210 of whom lived on Buffalo Creek Reservation .
In the U.S . state of Iowa , the nonpartisan Legislative Services Bureau ( LSB , akin to the U.S . Congressional Research Service ) determines boundaries of electoral districts .
Mesa Public Schools ( incorporated as Mesa Unified School District # 4 ) is the largest public school district in the state of Arizona .
Oregon was won by President Bill Clinton ( D ) over Senator Bob Dole ( R - Kansas ) , with Clinton winning 47.2 percent to 39.1 percent for a margin of 8.1 percent .
From 2007 to 2008 , 14 of Georgia's counties ranked among the nation's 100 fastest - growing , second only to Texas .
The Miss Montana USA competition is the pageant that selects the representative for the state of Montana in the Miss USA pageant .
On February 14 , 1859 , the territory entered the Union as the U.S . state of Oregon within its current boundaries .
The JSA consists of 10 states which correspond roughly to the geographic territories in the United States : the Arizona State , Mid - Atlantic State , Midwest State , Northeast State , Northern California State , Ohio River Valley State , Pacific Northwest State , Southeast State , Southern California State , and the Texas State .
Ellis County ( county code EL ) is a county located in the U.S . state of Kansas .
As a Democrat , she continued the long line of democratic Secretaries in the State of New Mexico for over 80 years .
They are native to northern Mexico ( Coahuila , Chihuahua , Durango , Sonora ) and the southwestern United States ( Arizona , New Mexico , western Texas ) . "
Alleghany County is a county located in the U.S . state of North Carolina .
In the 1852 United States presidential election , its first election after becoming a state in 1850 , California voted for the Democratic nominee , New Hampshire Senator Franklin Pierce , over the Whig nominee , United States Army general Winfield Scott .
Essex County is in the northeastern part of New York state , just west of Vermont along the eastern boundary of the state .
According to the 2011 census Maharajganj district has a population of 2,684,703 , roughly equal to the nation of Kuwait or the US state of Nevada .
As an important U.S . region of bird diversity , Oregon has faced some serious challenges in protecting endangered and threatened avian species .
Tenakee Seaplane Base is a state - owned public - use seaplane base located in Tenakee Springs , a city on Chichagof Island in the Hoonah - Angoon Census Area of the U.S . state of Alaska .
The Kennewick – Richland , WA Metropolitan Statistical Area , as defined by the United States Census Bureau , is an area consisting of Benton and Franklin Counties in Washington State , anchored by the cities of Kennewick , Pasco , and Richland ( The Tri - Cities ) .
Lavaca County ( ) is a county located in the U.S . state of Texas .
The first of these , Pacific County , encompassed coastal areas north of the Columbia River , located primarily in today's Washington state .
Since the late 1970s , this has been the only remaining reservation in Alaska , as the Metlakatla opted out of giving up their lands for payment under the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act .
roughly equal to the nation of Liberia or the US state of Oregon .
Spruce Island ( ) is an island in the Kodiak Archipelago of the Gulf of Alaska in the US state of Alaska .
Its first four censuses were conducted before Nebraska became a U.S . state .
Today , HSUS operates five animal sanctuaries in the states of California , Florida Massachusetts , Oregon , and Texas .
Spiranthes ochroleuca " is native in eastern Canada ( New Brunswick , Nova Scotia , Ontario and Prince Edward Island ) , throughout the Northeastern United States , and in the southeastern United States ( Kentucky , Maryland , North Carolina , South Carolina , Tennessee and Virginia ) .
Kake Seaplane Base is a public - use seaplane base located in Kake , a city in the Petersburg Borough of the U.S . state of Alaska .
Herkimer is a town in Herkimer County , New York , United States , southeast of Utica .
As with the state of Arizona , the area relied on the 5 C's ( copper , cattle , climate , citrus , and cotton ) for its economic growth and expansion .
This is a list of airports in Connecticut ( a U.S . state ) , grouped by type and sorted by location .
This is a list of species of fauna ( animals ) that have been observed in the U.S . State of Oregon .
Pulawski Township is a civil township of Presque Isle County in the U.S . state of Michigan .
Washington is a town in Sullivan County , New Hampshire , United States .
Webster is a town in the northeast corner of Monroe County , New York , United States .
State Route 111 was a state highway in the U.S . state of Washington , running from Hurricane Ridge in the Olympic National Park to US 101 .
Unga Island ( Uĝnaasaqax̂ in Aleut ) is the largest of the Shumagin Islands off the Alaska Peninsula in southwestern Alaska , United States .
The eastern coast belongs to the U.S . state of Alaska .
The administrative divisions of Illinois are counties , townships , precincts , cities , towns , villages , and special - purpose districts .
The US Congress admitted Oklahoma to the Union as the 46th state on November 16 , 1907 .
The State of Nebraska comprises 93 counties .
Crooked River National Grassland is a National Grassland located in Jefferson County in the north - central part of the U.S . state of Oregon .
It is widespread across much of Canada including the three Arctic Territories , as well as in parts of the United States ( Alaska , the northern Rocky Mountains and northern Cascades ) . "
The American Constitution Party ( ACN ) is one of the state of Colorado's political parties .
Hamilton Fish ( August 3 , 1808September 7 , 1893 ) was an American politician who served as the 16th Governor of New York from 1849 to 1850 , a United States Senator from New York from 1851 to 1857 and the 26th United States Secretary of State from 1869 to 1877 .
By electing so many of her sons to the presidency , Ohio gained a role in politics disproportionate to its size .
Approximately 96 percent of the land area of Yellowstone National Park is located within the state of Wyoming .
United States presidential elections in Pennsylvania occur when voters in the U.S . Commonwealth of Pennsylvania cast ballots for electors to the Electoral College as part of a national election to elect the President and Vice President of the United States .
As of the census of 2010 , there were 11,857 people residing in California in 4,327 households .
Nelson Island ( " Qaluyaaq " in Central Yup'ik ) is an island in the Bethel Census Area of southwestern Alaska .
It can be found throughout the Cascade Mountains ranging from Washington through Oregon , and California .
The Minnesota State Fair is the state fair of the U.S . state of Minnesota .
The table below describes the 5 United States statistical areas , 16 boroughs , and 11 census areas of the State of Alaska with the following information :
Liberty County is a county in the U.S . state of Texas .
In the United States , it is found from Maine to Illinois and South Carolina .
This article comprises three sortable tables of major mountain peaks of the U.S . State of California .
Hagemeister Island is an island in the U.S . state of Alaska , located on the north shore of Bristol Bay at the entrance to Togiak Bay .
Established in 1992 , the park celebrates the life and history of the Keweenaw Peninsula in the Upper Peninsula of the U.S . state of Michigan .
In North America its range includes southwestern and northern Canada , northern Mexico , and the northern and southwestern United States and Alaska .
State Route 274 ( SR 274 ) is a two - lane east – west state highway located in the western portion of the U.S . state of Ohio .
It was expected to be one of three states that will not have a non - Hispanic white plurality in 2014 ; the other two are California and New Mexico .
As of 2014 , Massachusetts was estimated to be the third - most densely populated U.S . state , with 839.4 people per square mile , behind New Jersey and Rhode Island .
The Maryland Forest Service in 1996 marked the 90th anniversary of forestry in Maryland , United States and the birth of what is known as the Department of Natural Resources Forest Service .
Lake Erie is to the north and the U.S . state of Ohio is to the west No state parks are found within the state forest , but five are found within District # 14 :
It is also naturalized in parts of the United States ( south - central and eastern parts from Texas to New York , plus the northwest from Washington and Oregon to Montana ) . "
Pine Island is a city in Goodhue and Olmsted counties in the U.S . state of Minnesota .
US 71 travels approximately in Arkansas , entering the state approximately north of Ida , Louisiana .
The following is a list of islands of Arizona . With of land , the state of Arizona is the sixth - largest in the United States .
The table below shows the recent population of these statistical areas and the 36 counties of Oregon .
Most recently on February 28 , 2013 , the Office of Management and Budget defined 1098 statistical areas for the United States , including 5 combined statistical areas , 12 metropolitan statistical areas , and 10 micropolitan statistical areas in the State of Alabama .
Warren Winslow ( January 1 , 1810 – August 16 , 1862 ) was the 33rd Governor of the U.S . state of North Carolina from 1854 to 1855 .
The Board of Education is a legislative body responsible for the governance of the Brunswick School District in a manner consistent with the laws , rules and regulations of the State of New York and the United States of America . . . and as a body , is the unit of authority for the School District Members are elected by district residents that are registered to vote .
Because of Oklahoma's unique history , ( much of the state was a place where aboriginal natives have always lived and after forced removal many other tribes were relocated here ) , an explanation of the Oklahoma Organic Act needs a historic perspective .
The Research Area properties is primarily made up of lands that were either never patented for settlement , or were logged off and then allowed to revert to the state of Michigan in lieu of unpaid property taxes .
Florida lies between the Gulf of Mexico and the North Atlantic Ocean .
Small pockets of Kiraly families exist around the world , primarily in Hungary , but most in the United States are found in Cleveland , Ohio , the state of Connecticut , and in Arlington , Virginia .
Cardston is situated in the low foothills of southwest Alberta , approximately north from the American state of Montana .
In 1788 Georgia was the fourth state to ratify the new U.S . Constitution .
New York State Route 392 ( NY 392 ) was a state highway in the vicinity of the city of Ithaca in central Tompkins County , New York , in the United States .
United States gubernatorial elections were held in 1958 , in 34 states , concurrent with the House and Senate elections , on November 4 , 1958 ( September 8 in Maine , November 25 in Alaska ) .
This article shows U.S . Census totals for Litchfield County , Connecticut , broken down by municipality , from 1900 to 2000 .
Salmon - Challis National Forest is located in east central sections of the U.S . state of Idaho .
The Cleveland / Stevenson ticket carried the state of Georgia on election day .
List of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Herkimer County , New York This is intended to be a complete list of properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Herkimer County , New York .
Filipino Americans are the largest group of Asian Americans in 10 of the 13 western states : Alaska , Arizona , California , Hawaii , Idaho , Montana , Nevada , New Mexico , Washington , Wyoming ; Filipino Americans are also the largest group of Asian Americans in South Dakota .
The eleven largest NWRs are all in the state of Alaska .
They won open seats in Michigan , Nevada , Kansas , New Mexico and Maine and defeated Republican incumbents in Illinois and Wisconsin .
Coos County is a county in the U.S . state of Oregon .
The 1872 United States presidential election in Vermont took place on November 5 , 1872 .
Ottawa County ( standard abbreviation : OT ) is a county located in the U.S . state of Kansas .
The California Constitution was ratified by popular vote at an election held on a rainy November 13 , 1849 ( as specified in Article XII Sec .
All are located entirely within West Virginia with the exception of the Cranesville Swamp Nature Sanctuary , which lies mostly within Garrett County , Maryland but also extends into Preston County , West Virginia .
The area of the Refuge System is heavily influenced by large areas devoted to protecting wild Alaska and to protecting marine habitats in the Pacific Ocean ; however , the number of units and public visitation overwhelmingly occurs in the lower 48 states even though these refuges and wetland management districts constitute only a little over 1 % of the System .
Hill Island is an island in the Thousand Islands archipelago on the St . Lawrence River between Ontario , Canada and the U.S . state of New York .
Jacksonburg is a village in Butler County , Ohio , United States .
On December 28 , 1846 , Iowa became the 29th state in the Union when President James K . Polk signed Iowa's admission bill into law .
Tioga County is in southwest New York State , west of Binghamton and directly north of the border with Pennsylvania .
In 2000 , for the first time in Texas history , the Texas State Senate was called upon to choose a new lieutenant governor after the election of George W . Bush as President of the United States and the resultant succession of lieutenant governor Rick Perry to become governor .
Since its admission to statehood in 1792 , Kentucky has participated in every U.S . presidential election .
The 1976 United States presidential election in Kansas took place on November 2 , 1976 , as part of the 1976 United States presidential election .
The 1972 United States presidential election in Wyoming took place on November 7 , 1972 .
U.S . Highway 431 ( US - 431 ) , internally designated by the Alabama Department of Transportation as State Route 1 ( SR - 1 ) , is a major north – south state highway across the eastern part of the U.S . state of Alabama .
The dates on the seal , 1818 and 1868 , represent the year Illinois became a state and the year in which the Great Seal was redesigned by Sharon Tyndale .
Although the Spanish had colonized Florida for two centuries , the state remained the last part of the east coast of the United States to be developed and explored .
The Newhalen River is a stream in the Lake and Peninsula Borough of the U.S . state of Alaska .
With the U.S . victory in the Mexican – American War , the Gadsden Purchase , and the annexation of the Republic of Texas , much of the present - day states of California , Nevada , Utah , New Mexico , Arizona , and parts of Texas , Colorado , and Wyoming , were ceded to the United States .
According to the 2010 United States Census , Oklahoma is the 28th - most populous state with inhabitants but the 19th - largest by land area spanning of land .
The following railroads operate in the U.S . state of Washington .
Hillary Clinton carried the state , lengthening the Democratic streak in Oregon to 8 straight contests .
The administrative divisions of Alaska are the various units of government that provide local government services in the state of Alaska .
The 2008 United States presidential election in Michigan took place on November 4 , 2008 .
It is located adjacent to Bentsen - Rio Grande Valley State Park , near the city of Mission in Hidalgo County in the U.S . state of Texas .
Argentina , Australia , Canada ( Newfoundland and Labrador , Quebec ) , China , Colombia ( Serranía de la Macarena , Meta ) , the Czech Republic , France , Ireland , Mexico , Peru , Poland , the Russian Federation , Spain , Sweden , the United Kingdom , and the United States ( Alabama , Kentucky , Montana , Nevada , New York , North Dakota , Oklahoma , Tennessee , Utah , Vermont , Virginia ) .
In addition to the of land owned by the refuge , the refuge maintains 154 acres ( . 623 km ) for the United States Coast Guard and 206,289 acres ( 834.822 km ) of marine waters in conjunction with the state of Florida .
New York State Route 68 ( NY 68 ) is an east – west state highway located entirely within St . Lawrence County in the North Country of New York in the United States .
Saline County is a county located in the U.S . state of Illinois .
The Windham - Bennington - 1 Representative District is a one - member state Representative district in the U.S . state of Vermont .
Most recently on December 1 , 2009 , the Office of Management and Budget defined 1067 statistical areas for the United States , including 4 combined statistical area , 26 metropolitan statistical areas , and 9 micropolitan statistical areas in the State of California .
Arthur St . Clair was the territory's governor until November 1802 , when President Thomas Jefferson removed him from office and appointed Charles Willing Byrd , who served the position until Ohio became a state and elected its first governor , Edward Tiffin , on March 3 , 1803 .
The following list presents the full set of National Register of Historic Places listings in Multnomah County , Oregon .
The ecoregion covers an area of 34,630 sq miles ( 89,691 km ² ) encompassing the Piedmont and coastal plain of seven states , extending from coastal southwestern Maine , southeastern New Hampshire , eastern Massachusetts , and Rhode Island , southward through Connecticut , New York State , New Jersey , southeast Pennsylvania , Delaware and Maryland .
After 1787 Illinois received a civil government as part of the Northwest and Indiana Territories before becoming a distinct Illinois Territory in 1809 .
The Miami River is a stream , approximately long , on the coast of northwest Oregon in the United States .
Cockaponset State Forest is the second largest forest in the Connecticut state forest system , encompassing over of land .
The U.S . Census Bureau lists fourteen metropolitan areas ( Metropolitan Statistical Areas ) and four trading areas ( Combined Statistical Areas ) in the U.S . state of Georgia .
Delaware is long and ranges from to across , totaling , making it the second - smallest state in the United States after Rhode Island .
All wilderness areas in the state of Illinois are managed by the USFS , with the exception of 114 acres in the northern part of Panther Den Wilderness .
Saranac is a village in Ionia County in the U.S . state of Michigan .
The Essex - Caledonia - Orleans Representative District is a one member state Representative district in the U.S . state of Vermont .
The Syracuse Metropolitan Statistical Area , as defined by the United States Census Bureau , is an area consisting of three counties in central New York , anchored by the city of Syracuse .
The position was created in 1849 , the year before California became a state .
Today , Minneapolis is the largest city in Minnesota , with a population of 382,618 in the 2000 census .
Bridgeport is a city in Lawrence County , Illinois , United States .
It has the largest circulation of any newspaper in the state of Washington and in the Pacific Northwest region .
The state forests of Alabama are maintained by the Alabama Forestry Commission .
Lieutenant Governor has been a constitutional office in Idaho since statehood in 1890 .
The " Encyclopedia of Oklahoma History and Culture " rated him as " . . . an able and effective governor . "
The U.S . state of New Mexico has 412 state roads , totaling that criss - cross the 33 counties of the state .
According to the 2011 census , Katihar district has a population of 3,068,149 , roughly equal to the nation of Oman or the US state of Iowa .
California is divided into 53 Congressional districts .
This is a list of all National Historic Landmarks designated by the U.S . government in Kansas .
Most recently on July 15 , 2015 , the Office of Management and Budget defined 1,119 statistical areas for the United States , including one combined statistical area , two metropolitan statistical areas , and five micropolitan statistical areas in the state of New Hampshire .
This list of current cities , towns , unincorporated communities , counties , and other recognized places in the U.S . state of Arizona , which start with the letter G . This list only includes populated areas ; it excludes physical features , ghost towns , and historical places .
Broomfield is a consolidated city and county in the U.S . state of Colorado .
In the U.S . , the area is constituted by most or all of the states of North Dakota , South Dakota , Nebraska , Kansas , and Oklahoma , and sizable parts of the states of Montana , Wyoming , Colorado , New Mexico , Texas , Missouri , Iowa , Illinois , Indiana , Wisconsin , and western and southern Minnesota .
A general election were held in the U.S . state of Georgia on November 4 , 2014 .
It is found in the United States , including Florida and Mississippi .
It contains more than in the Blue Mountains of eastern Oregon .
The region includes the U.S . states of Maine , New Hampshire , Vermont , Massachusetts , Connecticut , and Rhode Island .
Point Hope is a headland in the U.S . state of Alaska , located at the western tip of the Lisburne Peninsula .
By mid to late summer , thunderstorms increase over the " core " region of the southwest U.S . and northwest Mexico , including the U.S . and Mexican states of Arizona , New Mexico , Sonora , Chihuahua , Sinaloa and Durango .
This is a list of state parks and reserves in the U.S . state of Washington which are part of the Washington State Park System .
The Mission Mountains Wilderness is located in the U.S . state of Montana .
The state government of Georgia is the U.S . state governmental body established by the Georgia State Constitution .
Northwest Oregon is a geographic and cultural region of the U.S . state of Oregon , composed of Clatsop , Columbia , and Tillamook counties .
During the Pleistocene epoch , vast areas of south - central Oregon were covered by lakes and wetlands .
The Talladega National Forest is physically separated into two areas , and divided into three Ranger Districts : The forest covers parts of eleven counties in Alabama .
Among U.S . states , New Mexico has the highest percentage of Hispanic ancestry , at 47 percent ( as of July 1 , 2012 ) , including descendants of Spanish colonists and recent immigrants from Hispanic America .
The 1944 United States presidential election in New Mexico took place on November 7 , 1944 .
Most recently on February 28 , 2013 , the Office of Management and Budget defined 1098 statistical areas for the United States , including 9 combined statistical areas , 16 metropolitan statistical areas , and 29 micropolitan statistical areas in the State of Ohio .
It is native to Canada ( British Columbia , Alberta , + all 3 Arctic territories ) , the United States ( Alaska + Washington ) , eastern Russia ( Siberia and Russian Far East ) , Kazakhstan , and Japan . "
Kobuk Valley National Park is an American national park in the Arctic region of northwestern Alaska , located about north of the Arctic Circle .
Cameron Parish ( ) is a parish in the southwestern section of the U.S . state of Louisiana .
This is a list of notable people from the U.S . state of Michigan .
In disputes over the legal status of Alaska , a key issue has been the tension between its " de facto " and " de jure " international standing .
San Diego County was one of the original counties of California , created at the time of California statehood in 1850 .
State Route 54 ( SR 54 ) is a state highway that runs southwest - to - northeast through portions of Troup , Meriwether , Coweta , Fayette , Clayton , and Fulton counties in the northwestern part of the U.S . state of Georgia .
Petit Bois Island is an island off the coast of the U.S . state of Mississippi , south of Pascagoula .
Scioto Trail State Forest is a state forest in Pike and Ross counties in the U.S . state of Ohio .
AAA Northern New England ( AAANE ) is the affiliate of the American Automobile Association which serves the U.S . states of Vermont , New Hampshire , and Maine .
Cape Nome is a headland on the Seward Peninsula in the U.S . state of Alaska .
Frost Island is an island in the San Juan Islands of the U.S . state of Washington .
Woodson County ( standard abbreviation : WO ) is a county located in the U.S . state of Kansas .
A popular referendum approved the constitution of the Oklahoma on September 17 , 1907 , which came into effect upon Oklahoma's ratification of the United States Constitution on November 16 , 1907 .
Reflecting Albany's status as New York's capital , 16 of the 40 extant buildings listed individually , more than one - third of that total , have been used for governmental purposes at some point .
Manistee County is a county located in the U.S . state of Michigan .
The Lieutenant Governor of Washington is an elected office in the U.S . state of Washington .
Portland is the most populous city in the U.S . state of Maine , with a population of 67,067 as of 2017 .
California was admitted as a state on September 9 , 1850 , and was initially divided into two districts , the Northern and the Southern , by Act of Congress approved September 28 , 1850 , 9 Stat .
This article shows U.S . Census totals for Belknap County , New Hampshire , broken down by municipality , from 1900 to 2010 .
In the United States , it has been recorded from California , east to western Texas and north to western Colorado and western Wyoming .
Oregon was the first state to declare an Official State Microbe .
The following is a list of the neighborhoods within the city limits of Key West , Florida : Key West Island : Other Islands :
Democrats gained a trifecta ( control of the governor's office and both legislative chambers ) in Colorado , Illinois , Connecticut , Maine , New Mexico , New York and Nevada as well as in Guam and the U.S . Virgin Islands .
It has been recorded in the states of Alabama , Arkansas , Connecticut , Washington , D.C . , Delaware , Florida , Georgia , Iowa , Illinois , Indiana , Kansas , Kentucky , Louisiana , Massachusetts , Maryland , Maine , Michigan , Minnesota , Missouri , Mississippi , North Carolina , North Dakota , Nebraska , New Hampshire , New Jersey , New York , Ohio , Oklahoma , Oregon , Pennsylvania , Rhode Island , South Carolina , South Dakota , Tennessee , Texas , Virginia , Vermont , Washington , Wisconsin , and West Virginia , as well as the Canadian provinces of British Columbia , Manitoba , New Brunswick , Ontario , and Quebec .
Throughout the twentieth century , political decisions in California have wielded substantial influence with Congress while considering legislation at the federal level .
The Great Seal of the State of Minnesota is the state seal of the U.S . state of Minnesota .
From 1895 till 1913 , Utah had an at - large congressional district that represented the entire state .
The New York State Capitol , the seat of New York State government , is located in Albany , the capital city of the U.S . state of New York .
Cities in Pennsylvania are divided into four classes : Class 1 , Class 2 , Class 2A , and Class 3 .
The Upstate is the region in the westernmost part of South Carolina , United States , also known as the Upcountry , which is the historical term .
Hartford County is a county located in the north central part of the U.S . state of Connecticut .
Washington , , is the highest incorporated town in New Hampshire ; it is higher than the next - highest town , the ski resort community of Waterville Valley
Randolph County is a county located in the U.S . state of North Carolina .
These include the most highly recognized historic sites in Connecticut that are officially designated and / or funded and operated by the U.S . Federal Government .
Note that the geographic center of the entire U.S . is northeast of Belle Fourche in Butte County , South Dakota , while that of the contiguous 48 is near Lebanon in Smith County , Kansas .
Pequannock may refer to the following in the U.S . state of New Jersey :
The Fish River is a waterway in the U.S . state of Alaska .
The Constitution of the State of Illinois is the governing document of the state of Illinois . There have been four Illinois Constitutions ; the fourth and current version was adopted in 1970 .
The 1956 United States presidential election in Illinois took place on November 6 , 1956 , as part of the 1956 United States presidential election .
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Lincoln County , New Mexico .
The 2016 United States presidential election in California of November 8 , 2016 was won by Democrat Hillary Clinton with a 61.7 % majority of the popular vote over Republican Donald Trump .
B . eriopoda " is found in the following U.S . states : Arizona , California , Colorado , Kansas , New Mexico , Nevada , Oklahoma , Texas , Utah and Wyoming .
Greenbrier County ( ) is a county in the U.S . state of West Virginia .
Paint Creek State Park is a 5,652 - acre state park located in the Highland and Ross counties of the U.S . state of Ohio .
The 1968 United States presidential election in Illinois was held on November 5 , 1968 .
Gilchrist County is a rural county located in the U.S . state of Florida .
Connecticut was one of the original Thirteen Colonies and was admitted as a state on January 9 , 1788 .
The 1904 United States presidential election in Georgia took place on November 8 , 1904 , as part of the wider United States Presidential election .
Lake Washington is a lake in Meeker County , in the U.S . state of Minnesota .
Technically the voters of Hawaii cast their ballots for electors : representatives to the Electoral College .
Powerplant at Unchahar ( National Thermal Power Limited , NTPC ) According to the 2011 census Raebareli district has a population of 3,404,004 , roughly equal to the nation of Panama or the US state of Connecticut .
Oregon state forests consist of two types of land , Oregon Board of Forestry lands and Common School Forest Lands .
Arsenicker Key is an island in Miami - Dade County , Florida , in the United States .
Panola County is a county located in the U.S . state of Mississippi .
These cities are located in the following 13 states : Illinois , Florida , Georgia , Indiana , Louisiana , Maryland , Michigan , Mississippi , New Jersey , Ohio , Tennessee , Texas , and Virginia , as well as Washington , D.C . The following data was sourced from the 2010 U.S . Census .
Listed in alphabetical order , these 11 states within the SEC's geographical footprint are Alabama , Arkansas , Florida , Georgia , Kentucky , Louisiana , Mississippi , Missouri , South Carolina , Tennessee , and Texas .
It covers in eastern Arkansas along the Mississippi River , in Lee and Phillips counties , and is one of the smallest national forests in the United States .
Pontotoc County is a county located in the U.S . state of Mississippi .
In 1802 – 1804 , western Georgia was split to the Mississippi Territory , which later split to form Alabama with part of former West Florida in 1819 .
The ABC Islands is the colloquial name for the Alaskan islands of Admiralty , Baranof , and Chichagof in the northern part of the Alexander Archipelago , which are all part of the Tongass National Forest .
Mineral County is a county located in the U.S . state of Montana .
The Norwalk Islands are a chain of more than 25 islands amid partly submerged boulders , reefs and mudflats along a six - mile ( 10 km ) stretch and mostly about a mile off the coast of Norwalk , Connecticut , and southwest Westport , Connecticut , in Long Island Sound .
Alabama is a state located in the Southern United States .
Arapahoe County ( ) is one of the 64 counties in the U.S . state of Colorado .
The last two territories within the Southwest to achieve statehood were New Mexico and Arizona .
This is an incomplete list of New York State Historic Markers in Schenectady County , New York .
Missoula is a city in the U.S . state of Montana and is the county seat of Missoula County .
President Theodore Roosevelt , a Republican , ruled that the Oklahoma and Indian territories had to be jointly admitted as one state , Oklahoma .
The 2010 US Census recorded Texas as having a population of 25.1 million - an increase of 4.3 million since the year 2000 , involving an increase in population in all three subcategories of population growth : natural increase ( births minus deaths ) , net immigration , and net migration .
State Highway 53 ( SH - 53 ) is a state highway serving Kootenai County in the U.S . state of Idaho .
California 26th congressional district is a congressional district in the U.S . state of California currently represented by .
Montana was won by incumbent President George W . Bush by a 20.5 % margin of victory .
The states with the largest Laotian American populations ( including the Hmong from Laos ) are California ( 58,424 , 0.2 % ) , Texas ( 13,298 , 0.1 % ) , Minnesota ( 10,065 , 0.2 % ) , Washington ( 9,333 , 0.2 % ) , Colorado ( 7,434 , 0.1 % ) , Tennessee ( 6,336 , 0.1 % ) , Illinois ( 5,822 , 0.1 % ) , North Carolina ( 5,566 , 0.1 % ) , Georgia ( 5,560 , 0.1 % ) , Florida ( 4,896 , 0.05 % ) , and Oregon ( 4,692 , 0.1 % ) .
Ira is a town in Cayuga County , New York , United States .
California's 40th congressional district is a congressional district in the U.S . state of California .
U.S . Highway 171 ( US 171 ) is a part of the United States Numbered Highway System and the only route within that system currently located entirely within the state of Louisiana .
Arey Island is a 7 - mile - long ( 11 km ) barrier island on the North Slope of the U.S . state of Alaska .
Agiapuk River ( also Agee - ee - puk , Ageepuk , Agiopuk , Ahgeeapuk ) is a waterway on the Seward Peninsula in the U.S . state of Alaska .
The 1789 United States presidential election in Delaware took place between December 15 , 1788 and January 10 , 1789 , as part of the 1788 – 1789 United States presidential election to elect the first President .
It is bordered by Massachusetts to the south , Vermont to the west , Maine and the Atlantic Ocean to the east , and the Canadian province of Quebec to the north .
The Piedmont Triad ( or simply the Triad ) is a north - central region of the U.S . state of North Carolina that consists of the area within and surrounding the three major cities of Greensboro , Winston - Salem , and High Point .
Mississippi was won by incumbent United States Vice President George H . W . Bush of Texas , who was running against Massachusetts Governor Michael Dukakis .
During the 19th century the forests in New Jersey were cut down for farming and for lumber .
The Association of American Geographers divides the Northeast into two divisions : " New England " , which consists of Maine , Vermont , New Hampshire , Massachusetts , Rhode Island , and Connecticut ; and the " Middle States " , which consists of New York , Pennsylvania , New Jersey , and Delaware .
Clinton County is a county located in the U.S . state of Pennsylvania .
The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania has one of the highest numbers of school districts in the nation .
The Spanish were largely gone by the early 18th century , though they remained in nearby Florida , and their presence ultimately left little impact on what would become Georgia . (
The 2008 congressional elections in Illinois were held on November 4 , 2008 to determine who would represent the state of Illinois in the United States House of Representatives , coinciding with the presidential and senatorial elections .
According to the 2011 census Paschim Medinipur district has a population of 5,943,300 , roughly equal to the nation of Eritrea or the US state of Missouri .
The 1940 United States presidential election in Georgia took place on November 5 , 1940 , as part of the wider United States Presidential election .
Once in Utah , US 491 gradually ascends to the Abajo Mountains .
Lincoln Parish ( French : " Paroisse de Lincoln " ) is a parish located in the U.S . state of Louisiana .
These are tables of congressional delegations from Nebraska to the United States House of Representatives and the United States Senate .
Louisiana was admitted to the Union on April 30 , 1812 , and elects senators to Class 2 and Class 3 .
Decatur County is a county located in the U.S . state of Iowa .
The Chuckanut Mountains ( from " Chuckanut " , a native word for " Long beach far from a narrow entrance " ) , or Chuckanuts , are located on the northern Washington state coast of the Salish Sea , just south of Bellingham , Washington .
Pennsylvania is a northeastern commonwealth located in the United States of America .
Dabney State Recreation Area is a park on the Sandy River in the U.S . state of Oregon .
Gove County ( county code GO ) is a county in the U.S . state of Kansas .
Pennock Island is located in the U.S . state of Alaska near the city of Ketchikan .
It has been found in northern Mexico ( Sonora , Chihuahua , Coahuila , Nuevo León , Tamaulipas , Zacatecas ) and in the western United States ( from Arizona , New Mexico , western Texas north to Wyoming and Idaho ) .
Bixby is a city in Tulsa and Wagoner counties in the U.S . state of Oklahoma , and is a suburb of Tulsa .
The 1892 United States presidential election in Oregon took place on November 8 , 1892 .
The contiguous United States would be placed 5th in the list of sovereign states and dependencies by area ; the total area of the country , including Alaska and Hawaii , ranks fourth .
Tompkins County is a county located in the U.S . state of New York .
Port Protection Seaplane Base is a state owned , public use seaplane base located in Port Protection , a community in the Prince of Wales - Hyder Census Area of the U.S . state of Alaska .
New York State Route 3 ( NY 3 ) is a major east – west state highway in New York , in the United States , that connects central New York to the North Country region near the Canada – US border via Adirondack Park .
The 2008 United States presidential election in Louisiana which took place on November 4 , 2008 , was part of the 2008 United States presidential election .
He became the first governor in Texas history to be elected to two consecutive four - year terms .
Atchison County is the northwestern - most county in the U.S . state of Missouri .
The New River is a stream , about long , on the southern coast of the U.S . state of Oregon .
Star Prairie is a village in St . Croix County in the U.S . state of Wisconsin .
The 2008 United States presidential election in Maine took place on November 4 , 2008 , and was part of the 2008 United States presidential election .
Fayette County is a county located in the U.S . state of Tennessee .
In 1855 , California declared that English would be the only medium of instruction in its schools ; the newly admitted state of New Mexico followed suit in 1891 to mandate that all of its schools teach in English only .
The 2012 United States presidential election in Kansas took place on November 6 , 2012 , as part of the 2012 General Election in which all 50 states plus The District of Columbia participated .
It is the state bird of Connecticut , Michigan , and Wisconsin .
Bernalillo County was one of seven " partidos " established during Mexican rule ; in 1852 , within two years of the creation of the New Mexico Territory , Bernalillo became one of that territory's nine original counties .
There are 281 municipalities in the U.S . state of Washington .
The office was created in 1861 when Kansas was officially admitted to the United States as the 34th state .
Miami Beach is a coastal resort city in Miami - Dade County , Florida , United States .
This is a list of law enforcement agencies in the state of Delaware .
By 1840 , New York was home to seven of the nation's thirty largest cities .
Polkton Charter Township is a charter township of Ottawa County in the U.S . state of Michigan .
The boundary of Washington Territory initially extended farther east than the present state's , including what is now the Idaho Panhandle and parts of western Montana , and picked up more land to the southeast that was left behind when Oregon was admitted as a state .
As of 2016 , six US states ( Hawaii , North Carolina , Mississippi , New Mexico , South Dakota , and Utah ) , recognize this tort , as well as Puerto Rico .
This is a list of properties and historic districts in Oregon that are listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
Calhoun County is a county in the U.S . state of West Virginia .
The United States House of Representatives elections in Oregon , 2008 were held on November 4 , 2008 , to determine who will represent the state of Oregon in the United States House of Representatives , coinciding with the presidential and senatorial elections .
With the signing of the Treaty of Paris in 1783 , the United States of America acquired nominal sovereignty over the land that would become Central Illinois .
A general election was held in the U.S . state of Oregon on November 8 , 2016 .
Pasque Island is one of the Elizabeth Islands of Dukes County , Massachusetts , United States .
The dialect region called the " Inland North " consists of western and central New York State ( Utica , Syracuse , Rochester , Buffalo , Binghamton , Jamestown , Fredonia , Olean ) ; northern Ohio ( Akron , Cleveland , Toledo ) ; Michigan's Lower Peninsula ( Detroit , Flint , Grand Rapids , Lansing ) ; northern Indiana ( Gary , South Bend ) ; northern Illinois ( Chicago , Rockford ) ; southeastern Wisconsin ( Kenosha , Racine , Milwaukee ) ; and , largely , northeastern Pennsylvania's Wyoming Valley / Coal Region ( Scranton and Wilkes - Barre ) .
After statehood on February 14 , 1859 , Oregon had one seat , elected At - large statewide .
" Section I . Be it enacted by the Senate and the House of Representatives of the State of Mississippi in General Assembly convened , that after the adjournment of the present session of the General Assembly of this State , each ensuing session of the Legislature of this state shall be held at the town of Columbia , until otherwise altered by law . "
This is a list of law enforcement agencies in the state of Vermont .
Iowa conducted censuses in 1836 , 1838 , 1844 , 1846 , 1847 , 1849 , 1851 , 1852 , 1854 , 1856 , 1885 , 1895 , 1905 , 1915 , and 1925 .
Minnesota backed incumbent Democratic President Barack Obama for re - election , giving him 52.65 % of the vote , while Republican challenger Mitt Romney took 44.96 % , a victory margin of 7.69 % .
In 1850 , California formally joined the United States as the 31st state .
The Hispanos of New Mexico or Neomexicanos ( ) are an Ethnic Group primarily residing in the northern half of the U.S . state of New Mexico and the southern portion of the U.S . state Colorado , descended from the original Spanish - speaking settlers of the historical region of Santa Fe de Nuevo México , which makes up the present day U.S . states of New Mexico ( " Nuevo México " ) , southern Colorado , and parts of Arizona .
The east and south town lines are the border of Tioga County , New York . New York State Route 79 crosses the town .
The State of New Mexico has a total of fifteen micropolitan areas .
Its first census was conducted before Illinois became a U.S . state .
The 2018 United States House of Representatives elections in California were held on November 6 , 2018 , with the primary elections being held on June 5 , 2018 .
Upon annexation , Hawaii became a U.S . territory and Dole became its first Governor .
State Route 67 ( SR 67 ) is a state highway that runs south - to - north through portions of Bryan , Bulloch , and Jenkins counties in the east - central part of the U.S . state of Georgia .
The National Weather Service Binghamton , New York is a local office of the National Weather Service responsible for monitoring weather conditions 17 counties in New York and 7 counties in Pennsylvania including the cities of Binghamton , Elmira , Ithaca , Rome , Scranton , Syracuse , Utica , and Wilkes - Barre .
North Carolina Highway 522 ( NC 522 ) is a primary state highway in the U.S . state of North Carolina .
This region includes the drainage within the United States that ultimately discharges into the Pacific Ocean within the state of California ; and those parts of the Great Basin ( or other closed basins ) that discharge into the state of California . Includes parts of California , Nevada , and Oregon .
Orono is a census - designated place ( CDP ) consisting of the eastern portion of the town of Orono in Penobscot County , Maine , United States .
Although Oregon as a whole is generally considered a blue state , Eastern Oregon is far more conservative than the west .
Douglas County is a county in the U.S . state of Oregon .
These historic properties and districts in the state of Texas are listed in the National Register of Historic Places .
The Port Washington Branch is an electrified two - track rail line and service owned and operated by the Long Island Rail Road in the U.S . state of New York .
In 1846 , Iowa became the 29th state to join the United States .
Tables showing membership in the Colorado federal House delegation throughout history of statehood in the United States .
Mahnomen County ( ) is a county located in the U.S . state of Minnesota .
Glazypeau Mountain is a summit in Garland County , in the U.S . state of Arkansas .
Waupaca is a town in Waupaca County , Wisconsin , United States .
State Route 52 ( SR 52 ) is a state highway that runs west – east through portions of Whitfield , Murray , Gilmer , Dawson , Lumpkin , Hall , Banks , and Jackson counties in the northern part of the U.S . state of Georgia .
This is a list of metropolitan areas of South Carolina . South Carolina is a state in the Southeastern United States .
State Route 7 ( SR 7 ) , formerly known as Inter - county Highway 7 until 1921 and State Highway 7 in 1922 , is a north – south state highway in the southern and eastern portions of the U.S . state of Ohio .
The Coast Range ecoregion is a Level III ecoregion designated by the Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) in the U.S . states of Washington , Oregon , and California .
Thomas County is a county located in the U.S . state of Georgia .
The 1789 United States House of Representatives elections in New York were held on March 3 and 4 , 1789 , to elect 6 U.S . Representatives to represent the State of New York in the 1st United States Congress .
Montgomery County is a county located in the U.S . state of Illinois .
The 1812 United States presidential election in Louisiana took place between October 30 and December 2 , 1812 , as part of the 1812 United States presidential election .
Nunivak Island ( " Nunivaaq " in Central Alaskan Yup'ik , " Nuniwar " in Nunivak Cup'ig ) , the second largest island in the Bering Sea , is a permafrost - covered volcanic island lying about 30 miles ( 48 km ) offshore from the delta of the Yukon and Kuskokwim rivers in the state of Alaska , at about 60 ° North latitude .
The land that would become Wisconsin became part of the United States in 1783 and was first organized under the Northwest Ordinance .
The 2000 United States House of Representatives election in Montana were held on November 7 , 2000 to determine who will represent the state of Montana in the United States House of Representatives .
Monroe is a town in Adams County in the U.S . state of Wisconsin .
A general election was held in the U.S . state of Delaware on November 4 , 2014 .
The state would have due representation in the United States Congress with full voting rights ; Puerto Rico would be represented in the Senate by two senators and the size of its delegation to the House of Representatives would be determined by its population ( Connecticut , which has a similar population , currently has five representatives ) .
Oregon was won by the Republican nominees , incumbent President Richard Nixon of California and his running mate Vice President Spiro Agnew of Maryland .
In North America , " A . platyneuron " is native throughout the eastern United States from southern Maine to the southeastern corner of Wisconsin , south to Florida and west to eastern Nebraska , Kansas , Oklahoma , and Texas , and in the far southeast of Canada .
This is a list of airports in Alaska ( a U.S . state ) , grouped by type and sorted by location .
Instead , the Compromise of 1850 divided the Mexican Cession and the northwestern claims of Texas into a new state and two new territories , the state of California , the Territory of New Mexico , and the Territory of Utah .
Connecticut was won by popular incumbent Democratic President Franklin D . Roosevelt of New York , who was running against Republican businessman Wendell Willkie of Indiana .
More than three - quarters of the forest lies in the state of Oregon .
The United States District Court for the District of California existed from 1866 to 1886 . California was admitted as a state on September 9 , 1850 , and was initially divided into two districts , the Northern and the Southern , by Act of Congress approved September 28 , 1850 , .
St . Mary Parish ( ) is a parish located in the U.S . state of Louisiana .
In Arizona , governors were elected to serve two - year terms until 1970 , when Jack Richard Williams was the first governor to be elected to a four - year term .
Following is a list of notable people who were born in , raised in , or have lived for a significant period of time in the U.S . state of Nevada .
A general election was held in the U.S . state of Colorado on November 6 , 2018 .
The Miss Illinois USA pageant is a competition that selects the representative for the state Illinois in the Miss USA pageant .
The 2008 congressional elections in Connecticut were held on November 4 , 2008 to determine who will represent the state of Connecticut in the United States House of Representatives , coinciding with the presidential election .
Staples is a city in Todd and Wadena counties in the U.S . state of Minnesota .
The North River is a river , approximately long , in western Washington , in the United States .
This list of birds of Maryland includes species credibly documented in the U.S . state of Maryland and accepted by the Maryland / District of Columbia Records Committee ( MRC ) of the Maryland Ornithological Society as of January 2018 .
Tununak Airport is a state - owned , public - use airport located one nautical mile ( 1.85 km ) southwest of the central business district of Tununak , in the Bethel Census Area of the U.S . state of Alaska .
According to the 2011 census Goalpara district has a population of 1,008,959 , roughly equal to the nation of Cyprus or the US state of Montana .
Most recently on December 1 , 2009 , the Office of Management and Budget defined 1067 statistical areas for the United States , including three combined statistical areas , six metropolitan statistical areas , and four micropolitan statistical areas in the State of Maryland .
Chinook is a city in and the county seat of Blaine County , Montana , United States .
These efforts led to women's suffrage in two states , Colorado and Idaho .
California's 11th congressional district is a congressional district in the U.S . state of California .
Illinois " ecology is in a land area of ; the state is long and wide and is located between latitude : 36.9540 ° to 42.4951 ° N , and longitude : 87.3840 ° to 91.4244 ° W , with primarily a humid continental climate .
The current Governor of California ( Jerry Brown ) is , however , serving a fourth non - consecutive term because his first two terms were before limits were passed in California , and the limits did not apply to individuals " prior terms .
State Route 739 ( SR 739 ) is a long north – south state highway in the central portion of the U.S . state of Ohio .
Washington Crossing State Park is a state park in the U.S . state of New Jersey that is part of Washington's Crossing , a U.S . National Historic Landmark area .
Idaho was won by incumbent President George H.W . Bush ( R - Texas ) with 42.03 % of the popular vote over Governor Bill Clinton ( D - Arkansas ) with 28.42 % .
In the election of 1820 , incumbent President James Monroe ran effectively unopposed , winning all nine of Connecticut’s electoral votes , and all electoral votes nationwide except one vote in New Hampshire .
It is found in Chukotka region , Russia and Kamchatka , and also in Alaska , United States .
It is distinct from the geographic center of the United States , which reflects the 1959 additions of the states of Alaska and Hawaii , which is located at a point northeast of Belle Fourche , South Dakota .
Dolgoi Island ( Anganax̂six̂ ) is the largest of the Pavlof Islands lying off the southwest coast of the state of Alaska in the United States .
Michigan is divided into 14 congressional districts , each represented by a member of the United States House of Representatives .
The national forest is located overwhelmingly ( almost 95 percent ) in Lincoln County , Montana , but extends into neighboring counties .
There are currently twenty incorporated cities in Connecticut .
California was incorporated into the US in 1848 as a result of the Mexican – American War 1846 – 1848 ( after some turbulent years as part of Mexico and even twice as a short - lived independent republic ) , and registered as the 31st State of the United States in 1850 .
The Anchor River is a stream on the Kenai Peninsula in the U.S . state of Alaska .
The Supreme Court of Georgia is the highest judicial authority of the U.S . state of Georgia .
McPherson County ( standard abbreviation : MP ) is a county located in the U.S . state of Kansas .
West Garo Hills district is divided into six blocks , after the creation of South West Garo Hills district : According to the 2011 census West Garo Hills district has a population of 642,923 , roughly equal to the nation of Montenegro or the US state of Vermont .
Mississippi weighed in for this election as 13.5 % more Republican than the national average .
It is also widely cultivated and has become naturalized in tropical Africa ( Kenya , Tanzania , Rwanda , Mozambique , and Madagascar ) , Australia , the US states of Florida and Hawaii , and in the Caribbean .
Article V of the Oregon State Constitution sets up the legal framework of the Oregon Executive Branch .
The States are : California , Iowa , Nebraska , Idaho , Minnesota , New Hampshire , New Mexico , Kansas , North Dakota , Washington , Alaska , Oregon , South Dakota , Wisconsin , Montana , Colorado , and Kentucky .
These are 11 National Natural Landmarks in Idaho .
Grayville is a city in Edwards and White counties in the U.S . state of Illinois .
New York State Route 34B ( NY 34B ) is a north – south state highway located within Tompkins and Cayuga counties in Central New York in the United States .
It is found in North America , where it has been recorded from Florida , Mississippi and North Carolina .
All peace officers in California are able to exercise their police powers anywhere in the state , on or off duty , regardless of county or municipal boundaries , thus California sheriffs and their deputies have full police powers in incorporated and unincorporated municipalities , outside their own counties , and on state freeways and interstates .
Maidu Lake is a small natural freshwater lake in the Cascade Range in eastern Douglas County in the U.S . state of Oregon .
Pinckney won only two states , Connecticut and Delaware .
Nebraska voters chose electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote pitting the Republican Party's nominee , businessman Donald Trump , and running mate Indiana Governor Mike Pence against Democratic Party nominee , former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and her running mate , Virginia Senator Tim Kaine .
It comprised a much larger area than the present Clinton County , including several other counties or county parts of the present New York State .
Jay Cooke State Park is a state park of Minnesota , United States , protecting the lower reaches of the St . Louis River .
Such regions include the Mediterranean itself through to Central Asia , the south west of South Africa , the south west of Australia , parts of the western United States , such as California , and parts of western South America , particularly Chile .
State Route 21 ( SR 21 ) is a long state highway in the U.S . state of Washington that traverses four counties : Franklin , Adams , Lincoln and Ferry .
Port Snettisham is a narrow fjord southeast of Juneau in the U.S . state of Alaska .
He served as the 52nd Governor of New York for three terms , from 1983 to 1994 , Lieutenant Governor of New York from 1979 to 1982 , and Secretary of State of New York from 1975 to 1978 .
Carr Inlet , in southern Puget Sound in the U.S . state of Washington , is an arm of water between Key Peninsula and Gig Harbor Peninsula .
Oahu National Wildlife Refuge Complex is a National Wildlife Refuge complex in the state of Hawaii .
New York State Route 12 ( NY 12 ) is a state highway extending for through central and northern New York in the United States .
According to the 2011 census Sitamarhi district has a population of 3,419,622 , roughly equal to the nation of Panama or the US state of Connecticut .
Benton County is a county located in the U.S . state of Minnesota .
According to the 2011 census Ghazipur district has a population of 3,622,727 , roughly equal to the nation of Lithuania or the US state of Oklahoma .
Miller County is a county located in the U.S . state of Georgia .
The following is an alphabetical list of members of the United States House of Representatives from the state of Oregon .
From List of National Natural Landmarks , these are the National Natural Landmarks in Ohio .
Micro is a town in Johnston County , North Carolina , United States .
This alphabetic list of townships in Iowa is based on the U.S . Census for 2000 .
Clinton County is a county located in the U.S . state of Missouri .
The table below shows the recent population of these statistical areas and the 44 counties of Idaho .
Special Notation In 1912 and 1959 , New Mexico , Arizona , Alaska and Hawaii would become the 47th , 48th , 49th and 50th states admitted to the Union .
It has more land area than each of the following U.S . states : Connecticut , Delaware , Hawaii , Maryland , Massachusetts , New Hampshire , New Jersey , Rhode Island , and Vermont .
In the U.S . state of Alabama , U.S . Route 45 ( US 45 ) is a north – south United States Highway in the east south central state of Alabama .
New York State Route 222 ( NY 222 ) is an east – west state highway in central New York in the United States .
Winthrop is a census - designated place ( CDP ) in the town of Winthrop in Kennebec County , Maine , United States .
The 1928 United States presidential election in Maine took place on November 6 , 1928 , as part of the 1928 United States Presidential Election which was held throughout all contemporary forty - eight states .
The 1996 United States presidential election in Washington took place on November 5 , 1996 , as part of the 1996 United States presidential election .
The 1968 Wild and Scenic River Act designated portions of the Little Miami National Scenic River as Ohio's first National Wild and Scenic River .
Becharof Wilderness is a wilderness area in the U.S . state of Alaska .
The California Democratic Party is the state branch of the United States Democratic Party in the state of California .
Sawtooth National Forest is a National Forest that covers 2,110,408 acres ( 854,052 ha ) in the U.S . states of Idaho ( ~ 96 percent ) and Utah ( ~ 4 percent ) .
California entered the Union in 1850 as a free state ; the other areas remained territories for many years .
When the present - day states of California , Arizona and New Mexico were annexed by the United States after the Mexican – American War ( 1848 ) , there were reportedly thousands of Basques of Spanish or mixed Mexican origin living in the Pacific Northwest .
Genevieve County in the U.S . state of Missouri .
It is one of nine [ [ List of National Natural Landmarks in Oregon | National Natural Landmarks in Oregon ] ] . [ [
There are ten federally designated U.S . Wilderness Areas within or partially within the Coconino National Forest : When the United States acquired the territory comprising Arizona and New Mexico by treaty with Mexico in 1848 , those lands not already privately owned , including Spanish and Mexican land grants , nor reserved by treaty for the various Indian tribes , became a part of the " public domain " and open under various laws to settlement , purchase , and use .
Virginia Key is a barrier island in Miami , Florida , United States in Biscayne Bay , south of Brickell and north of Key Biscayne .
The Dry Tortugas is a small archipelago of coral islands about west of Key West , Florida .
The 2004 United States presidential election in Utah took place on November 2 , 2004 , and was part of the 2004 United States presidential election .
Maryland was won by incumbent President Bill Clinton ( D - Arkansas ) with 54.25 % of the popular vote over Senator Bob Dole ( R - Kansas ) with 38.27 % .
The Izembek National Wildlife Refuge is the smallest of the National Wildlife Refuges located in the U.S . state of Alaska .
This is a list of law enforcement agencies in Hawaii .
The U.S . state of New Jersey , most of whose population is situated within the New York City metropolitan region , has by a significant margin the highest proportional Indian population concentration of any U.S . state , with a Census - estimated 3.9 % of New Jersey's population being an individual of Indian origin in 2016 .
Iliamna Airport is a state - owned public - use airport located three nautical miles ( 5.5 km ) west of the central business district of Iliamna , in the Lake and Peninsula Borough of the U.S . state of Alaska .
Grant County ( county code GT ) is a county located in the U.S . state of Kansas .
Many of California’s large population centers are located within it which causes stress on the surrounding environment because people have a desire to move to California so new homes and industry have to be established in order to accommodate all of the people moving into the region and this requires expansion .
Decatur County is a county located in the U.S . state of Georgia .
Washington is a town in Sauk County , Wisconsin , United States .
Napatree Point in Rhode Island , often referred to simply as Napatree , is a long sandy spit created by a geologic process called longshore drift .
It is the fourth - largest county in New York by total area .
Since then , it has remained Democratic at the presidential level and along with northern Virginia , has kept the state of Virginia in the Democratic column .
The 32nd Congressional District of New York was a congressional district for the United States House of Representatives in New York .
The following are US Routes in New Jersey .
St . Johns County is a county of the U.S . state of Florida .
Alma is a city in and the county seat of Buffalo County in the U.S . state of Wisconsin .
The Montana Supreme Court is the highest court of the Montana state court system in the U.S . state of Montana .
The Oregon Beach Bill ( House Bill 1601 , 1967 ) was a piece of landmark legislation in the U.S . state of Oregon , passed by the 1967 session of the Oregon Legislature .
Sterling is a census - designated place ( CDP ) in Kenai Peninsula Borough , Alaska , United States .
Additionally when Iowa became a state on December 28 , 1846 , no provision was made for official organization of the remainder of what had been Iowa Territory .
The 1948 United States presidential election in Oregon took place on November 2 , 1948 , as part of the 1948 United States presidential election .
This is a list of Law Enforcement Agencies in the state of Florida .
The following is an alphabetical list of members of the United States House of Representatives from the state of Idaho .
Oswald West State Park is part of the state park system of the U.S . state of Oregon .
The natural history of Minnesota covers many plant and animal species in the U.S . state of Minnesota .
South Point is a village in Lawrence County , Ohio , United States , along the Ohio River .
Some realms cover entire states , such as Alaska , Connecticut , Hawaii , Iowa or Montana while others cover cities such as the city of Toronto , counties or regions , the communities of Alameda County , California or the Greater Niagara Region .
Mount Jefferson is a stratovolcano in the Cascade Volcanic Arc , part of the Cascade Range in the U.S . state of Oregon .
Raimondo was elected governor of Rhode Island on November 4 , 2014 , winning 41 % of the vote in a three - way race , defeating challengers Allan Fung ( R ) and Robert J . Healey of the Moderate Party .
Four states - Kentucky , Massachusetts , Pennsylvania , and Virginia - call themselves " commonwealths . "
Chippewa County is a county located in the U.S . state of Wisconsin .
Shelby County is a county located in the U.S . state of Kentucky .
This article shows U.S . Census totals for Windham County , Connecticut , broken down by municipality , from 1900 to 2000 .
Dutch Island is an island lying west of Conanicut Island at an entrance to Narragansett Bay in Rhode Island , United States .
Colorado is one of the western Mountain States .
The Mohawk Valley region of the U.S . state of New York is the area surrounding the Mohawk River , sandwiched between the Adirondack Mountains and Catskill Mountains .
The state of Nevada , United States , contains a large number of wilderness areas .
Following the war , New York State made five million acres of land available for public purchase ; land speculators bought large tracts of land for redevelopment .
The population and area reported here are also included in the aggregate values reported for the town as a whole , see : Peru , New York . "
This is a complete List of National Historic Landmarks in Maine .
In 1960 , the first presidential election after the admission of Alaska and Hawaii , Richard Nixon pledged to visit all 50 states following his nomination at the Republican National Convention .
The 2012 United States presidential election in Wyoming took place on November 6 , 2012 , as part of the 2012 General Election in which all 50 states plus The District of Columbia participated .
In Massachusetts , Connecticut and Rhode Island , almost every city has at least 10,000 people , and all but a few have at least 20,000 .
Of them , 1,789,580 live in Oregon ( 46.7 % of the state's population ) while the remaining 436,429 live in Washington ( 6.7 % of state's population ) .
The term West Coast is commonly used to refer to just California , Oregon , Washington , and Alaska , whereas Hawaii is more geographically isolated from the continental U.S . and do not necessarily fit in any of these subregions .
Kandiyohi County ( ) is a county located in the U.S . state of Minnesota .
Acmarhachis is a genus of trilobite in the order Agnostida , which lived in what are now Australia ( Queensland , Tasmania ) , Canada ( British Columbia , Newfoundland , Northwest Territories ) , China ( Anhui ) , Kazakhstan , Russia ( Kharaulakh ) , and the US ( Alaska , Alabama , Nevada , Maryland , Vermont ) .
As territories were split from it , one of them eventually came to represent the area of present - day Ohio .
Carlisle is a village in northwestern Warren and southern Montgomery counties in the southwestern part of the U.S . state of Ohio .
It is known only in one state in the United States ( Texas ) and one state in Mexico ( San Luis Potosí ) . "
Mahaska County is a county located in the U.S . state of Iowa .
Currently , the state of Nebraska is the only state in the United States that is elected and conducted in a nonpartisan manner .
The river drains an area of , as large as the states of Rhode Island and Delaware together , comprising most of the Finger Lakes region of upstate New York .
Saranac Lake is a village in the state of New York , United States .
Hug Point State Recreation Site is a state park on the northern Oregon Coast in the U.S . state of Oregon .
There are approximately 1,600 properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in the U.S . State of Maine .
Most recently on December 1 , 2009 , the Office of Management and Budget defined 1067 statistical areas for the United States , including 3 combined statistical areas , 20 metropolitan statistical areas , and 10 micropolitan statistical areas in the State of Florida .
Within Washington state , US 2 is the northernmost all - season highway through the Cascade Mountains .
In Connecticut , Rhode Island , and parts of Massachusetts , counties are now only geographic designations , and they do not have any governmental powers .
Northwest Arctic Borough is a borough located in the U.S . state of Alaska .
This is a list of the 25 largest incorporated cities in the State of California ranked by land area .
This is a List of rivers in Alaska , which are at least fifth - order according to the Strahler method of stream classification , and an incomplete list of otherwise - notable rivers and streams .
In 1768 , the Spanish created the Provincia de las Californias , which included California and the Southwest US .
These boundaries on the 32nd meridian of longitude west from Washington remained when Colorado became a state on August 1 , 1876 , Utah became a state on January 4 , 1896 , New Mexico became a state on January 6 , 1912 , and Arizona became a state on February 14 , 1912 .
Westchester County , New York , in the United States , contains 40 public school districts , 118 private schools and 14 colleges / universities .
North Carolina Highway 305 ( NC 305 ) is a primary state highway in the U.S . state of North Carolina .
Dillingham Census Area is a census area located in the state of Alaska , United States .
Attala County is a county located in the U.S . state of Mississippi .
The Ozark National Forest encompasses primarily in the scenic Ozark Mountains in northern Arkansas .
Western Washington is a region of the United States defined as the area of Washington state west of the Cascade Mountains .
The 1824 United States presidential election in Vermont took place between October 26 and December 2 , 1824 , as part of the 1824 United States presidential election .
The Chittenden - 3 - 8 Representative District is a one - member state Representative district in the U.S . state of Vermont .
Unimak Island ( ) is the largest island in the Aleutian Islands chain of the U.S . state of Alaska .
Belknap County ( ) is one of ten counties in the U.S . state of New Hampshire .
In 1968 , Wisconsin changed its constitution from a two - year term for governor to a four - year term .
US 44 runs for in Massachusetts .
The Warren in Rhode Island is the largest of the six .
This is a list of species of fauna that have been observed in the U.S . state of Oklahoma .
For example , although Iowa was made a state in 1846 , maps depicting land ownership show below - average population densities in the northwestern region as late as the 1870s , a corner of the state that today is still noted for its high water table and numerous lakes , marshes , and wetlands .
Big Bay State Park is a state park of Wisconsin , United States , on Madeline Island , the largest of 22 Apostle Islands in Lake Superior .
Ed Jenkins National Recreation Area , formerly proposed as Springer Mountain National Recreation Area , is a National Recreation Area in Fannin and Union counties in the U.S . state of Georgia .
Springport is a village in Jackson County of the U.S . state of Michigan .
The original Organic Laws of Oregon were modeled after the Ordinance of 1787 and Iowa's Organic Law , laying out the framework of a political structure modeled on the United States , with three branches of government .
Bonanza Peak is a tall peak in the North Cascades in the U.S . state of Washington and the Glacier Peak Wilderness of the Wenatchee National Forest .
The Four State Area or Quad State Area , is the area where the states of Arkansas , Kansas , Missouri and Oklahoma touch .
Gastineau Channel is a channel between the mainland of the U.S . state of Alaska and Douglas Island in the Alexander Archipelago of southeastern Alaska .
This list of birds of Idaho includes species documented in the U.S . state of Idaho and accepted by the Idaho Bird Records Committee ( IBRC ) .
Babbitt is the only Arizona governor to have completed two four - year terms with nine years of service .
With a population of 3.6 million people , the region contains approximately 60 % of the population of Minnesota .
The imprisonment rate varies widely by state ; Louisiana surpasses this by about 100 % , but Maine incarcerates at about a fifth this rate .
The " Algonquian - speaking Wabanaki People " have occupied many of the Maritime areas in Canada ( Quebec , Newfoundland , Prince Edward Island , Nova - Scotia and New Brunswick ) and the United States ( Maine , New Hampshire , Vermont and Massachusetts ) for thousands of years .
Power County is a county located in the U.S . state of Idaho .
Twenty - two sites also are National Historic Landmarks ( NHLs ) of the United States and are described further in List of National Historic Landmarks in New York .
The following is a list of the symbols of the U.S . state of Arkansas .
The following is a list of symbols of the U.S . state of Montana .
Iowa was won by Democratic Governor Michael Dukakis of Massachusetts with 54.71 % of the popular vote over Republican Vice President George H.W . Bush's 44.50 % , a victory margin of 10.22 % .
New York State Route 270 ( NY 270 ) is a north – south state highway in western New York in the United States .
The western portion of El Dorado County has almost 10 % ( 740 species ) of California's native plants growing here , making the site nationally significant for species diversity .
The Oregon Legislative Assembly is the state legislature for the U.S . state of Oregon .
This is a chronological listing of the United States Senators from Georgia .
Some other states do not recognize any permit from another state : California , Connecticut , Oregon , Hawaii , Illinois ( under its new law ) , Maryland , Massachusetts , New Jersey , New York , or Washington D.C . .
Livingston County is a county located in the U.S . state of Illinois .
Northampton is the name of some places in the U.S . state of New York :
George Washington Memorial State Forest is a state forest on the Putnam Pike ( Route 44 ) near the village of Chepachet in the town of Glocester , Rhode Island .
Counties Cities Table of United States congressional district boundary maps in the State of South Carolina , presented chronologically .
Hale Passage is the name of two different bodies of water in Puget Sound , in the U.S . state of Washington .
The 1924 United States presidential election in Georgia took place on November 4 , 1924 , as part of the wider United States Presidential election .
The 1904 United States presidential election in California refers to how California participated in the 1904 United States presidential election .
It is the largest county in Mississippi by land area and third - largest by total area .
It is the largest county in Mississippi by total area .
In 1924 , the state of New York created the modern New York state route system by assigning designations to several long - distance highways .
Southeast Kansas is a region of the U.S . state of Kansas .
Partitioned from the Northwest Territory , Ohio was the 17th state admitted to the Union on March 1 , 1803 , and the first under the Northwest Ordinance .
This is a list of historic sites in Connecticut that are administered by the Connecticut Commission on Culture and Tourism's Historic Preservation and Museum Division .
The 2004 United States presidential election in Colorado took place on November 2 , 2004 , and was part of the 2004 United States presidential election .
This was the last year in which Arkansas held a gubernatorial election in the same year as the presidential election .
The following is a list of New Mexico cities , towns , and census - designated places in which a majority ( over 50 % ) of the population is Hispanic or Latino , according to data from the 2000 Census .
On September 9 , 1850 , California was admitted to the Union and became a State , celebrated as California Admission Day .
The Upper Peninsula ( UP ) , also known as Upper Michigan , is the northern of the two major peninsulas that make up the U.S . state of Michigan .
It is native to North America , where it is found in northern Mexico , and in the U.S . states of Texas and New Mexico .
The Florida Attorney General is an elected cabinet official in the U.S . state of Florida .
Osborne County ( standard abbreviation : OB ) is a county located in the U.S . state of Kansas .
In the United States , common - law marriages are still recognized in Alabama , Colorado , Iowa , Kansas , Montana , Rhode Island , South Carolina , Texas , Utah and the District of Columbia , and in several Canadian provinces .
Tatitlek Airport is a state - owned public - use airport serving Tatitlek , in the Valdez - Cordova Census Area of the U.S . state of Alaska .
The of wetlands on Turnbull NWR represent some of the last quality breeding habitat available in eastern Washington for waterfowl , which have experienced tremendous population declines across North America due to loss and degradation of breeding , migration and wintering habitat .
In Louisiana , the period of time from 1812 until the start of the American Civil War is considered to be the antebellum period , although some use 1789 as the beginning .
In Canada , broadleaf cattail occurs in all provinces and also in the Yukon and Northwest Territories , and in the United States , it is native to all states except Hawaii .
Northwest Territory was left with only most of Ohio and the rest of Michigan .
South Carolina has had seven constitutions : Since 1895 , many residents have called for a new Constitution , one that is not based on the politics of a post - Civil War population .
Hollister became Ohio's first and to date only female governor .
In California , more than of wetlands were partitioned under the Swampland Act , of which were in the Sacramento - San Joaquin Delta , roughly the same amount of land that has been developed to date .
Orleans Township is a civil township of Ionia County in the U.S . state of Michigan .
State Route 72 ( SR 72 ) is a state highway that runs west - to - east through portions of Clarke , Madison , and Elbert counties in the northeastern part of the U.S . state of Georgia .
The table below describes the 40 United States statistical areas and 102 counties of the State of Illinois with the following information :
John Motley Morehead ( July 4 , 1796 – August 27 , 1866 ) was an American lawyer and politician who became the 29th Governor of the U.S . state of North Carolina ( 1841 to 1845 ) .
The Albion Mountains are a mountain range in the U.S . states of Idaho ( ~ 99 % ) and Utah ( ~ 1 % ) , spanning Cassia County , Idaho and barely reaching into Box Elder County , Utah .
Cazenovia is a village in Richland and Sauk Counties in the U.S . state of Wisconsin .
This list contains all municipalities incorporated as cities in New York state and shows the county in which each city is located .
It is managed by the state of Michigan and is connected to the mainland by the MacArthur Bridge .
U.S . Route 211 ( US 211 ) is a spur of US 11 in the U.S . state of Virginia .
Dukes County is a county located in the U.S . state of Massachusetts .
The species is the official state reptile of three states : Florida , Louisiana , and Mississippi .
Tuscaloosa County is a county in the U.S . state of Alabama .
The 1976 United States presidential election in Oregon took place on November 2 , 1976 , as part of the 1976 United States presidential election .
Jonesville is a city in Hillsdale County in the U.S . state of Michigan .
The Suiattle River is a river in the U.S . state of Washington .
The Lost Forest Research Natural Area is a designated forest created by the Bureau of Land Management to protect an ancient stand of ponderosa pine in the remote high desert county of northern Lake County , in the south central area of the U.S . state of Oregon .
Greene County is a county located on the eastern border of the U.S . state of Tennessee .
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Sitka , Alaska .
In Oregon , the initiative and referendum process dates back to 1902 , when the efforts of the Direct Legislation League prompted amending the Oregon Constitution for the first time since 1859 .
Frio County is a county located in the U.S . state of Texas .
The United States Geographical Survey ( USGS ) states that the geographic center of North America is " 6 miles [ 10 km ] west of Balta , Pierce County , North Dakota " at about , about from Rugby , North Dakota .
Ouachita Parish ( French : " Paroisse d'Ouachita " ) is located in the northern part of the U.S . state of Louisiana .
Connecticut held its election September 19 , 1814 .
Holly is a village in north Oakland County in the U.S . state of Michigan .
Wild natural trout streams in Virginia are classified by the Department of Game and Inland Fisheries by their water quality , with class i the highest and class iv the lowest .
The 2002 United States House of Representatives election in Wyoming were held on November 5 , 2002 to determine who will represent the state of Wyoming in the United States House of Representatives .
Indian Island is a small island of the U.S . state of Michigan , located at the north end of Maumee Bay in Lake Erie .
Chaney Glacier is in Glacier National Park in the U.S . state of Montana .
Camp County is a county located in the U.S . state of Texas .
The Interstate Highway System was expanded to Alaska in 1976 , by the Federal - Aid Highway Act of 1976 , which defined the system for Interstates in Alaska and Puerto Rico under Title 23 , Chapter 1 , Section 103 ( c ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( ii ) of the U.S . Code .
Webster is a town in Merrimack County , New Hampshire , United States .
49.1 % of Maryland's population is non - white and / or Hispanic / Latino , the highest percentage of any state on the East Coast and the highest percentage after the majority minority states of Hawaii , New Mexico , Texas , California and Nevada .
The 1988 United States presidential election in Alabama took place on November 8 , 1988 .
Powell County is a county located in the U.S . state of Montana .
The 1924 United States presidential election in Connecticut took place on November 4 , 1924 , as part of the 1924 United States Presidential Election which was held throughout all contemporary 48 states .
Maine House of Representatives Maine Senate " While Nebraska's unicameral legislature is nominally nonpartisan , most members belong to and are supported by one of the two major political parties . "
Although Native Americans in the United States have resided in what is now Iowa for 13,000 years , the written history of Iowa begins with the proto - historic accounts of Native Americans by explorers such as Marquette and Joliet in the 1680s .
The table below describes the 21 United States statistical areas and 36 counties of the State of Oregon with the following information :
Tuscarawas County ( ) is a county located in the eastern part of the U.S . state of Ohio .
Grand Island is a town located in Erie County , New York , United States .
Lovington is a city in and the county seat of Lea County , New Mexico , United States .
The 1992 United States presidential election in Idaho took place on November 3 , 1992 , as part of the 1992 United States presidential election .
Lafayette is a town in Chippewa County in the U.S . state of Wisconsin .
Yuba County is a county in the U.S . state of California .
Routt County is one of the 64 counties in the U.S . state of Colorado .
According to the 2011 census Surguja district has a population of 2,361,329 , roughly equal to the nation of Latvia or the US state of New Mexico .
The Eastern Cascades Slopes and Foothills ecoregion is a Level III ecoregion designated by the United States Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) in the U.S . states of Oregon , Washington , and California .
At the urging of Georgia's Senators , President Franklin D Roosevelt issued a proclamation to establish the Laura S Walker National Park in her honor .
Arizona would shortly follow , becoming the last of the 48 contiguous United States on February 14 , 1912 .
The Shawnee Lookout Archeological District is a historic district in the southwestern corner of the U.S . state of Ohio .
He served as the 26th governor of New Mexico from 1983 to 1987 .
South Carolina ratified the United States Constitution on May 23 , 1788 .
It is the southernmost county in the state of Ohio and part of Appalachian Ohio .
Chickasaw County is a county located in the U.S . state of Mississippi .
Port Lions Airport is a state owned , public use airport located two nautical miles ( 4 km ) northeast of the central business district of Port Lions , a city located on Kodiak Island in the Kodiak Island Borough of the U.S . state of Alaska .
The second table lists three former New York state parks that have been transferred to other entities .
Jackson is a town in Adams County in the U.S . state of Wisconsin .
More than half of the speakers of the Tokelauan language reside in New Zealand , about thirty percent live in either Atafu , Nukuonono , or Fakaofo , and a minority live in Australia ( geographically close to New Zealand ) and states in the United States that touch the Pacific Ocean ( Hawaii and other western states part of the mainland ) .
Maine was initially a part of the state of Massachusetts .
However , about two - thirds of them grew disillusioned and returned to the U.S . The admission of Oklahoma as a state in 1907 upon the combination of the Oklahoma Territory and the last remaining Indian Territory , and the Arizona and New Mexico territories as states in 1912 , did not end the frontier .
Cimarron County is the only county in the United States that borders four states : Colorado , Kansas , New Mexico , and Texas .
In California , non - Hispanic whites slipped from 80 % of the state's population in 1970 to 42 % in 2001 and 39 % in 2013 .
The Miss Nebraska USA competition is the pageant that selects the representative for the state Nebraska in the Miss USA pageant .
European settlement was almost non - existent outside New Mexico in 1848 , when it became part of the United States through the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo , while southern areas of Arizona and southwestern New Mexico were added in the later Gadsden Purchase .
Loving County is a county in the U.S . state of Texas .
The following railroads operate in the U.S . state of Connecticut .
In the U.S . state of New Mexico , US 82 extends from La Luz and ends at the Texas state line northeast of Lovington .
Oklahoma Territory and Indian Territory were combined and admitted to the US as the 46th state , Oklahoma .
Eagledale Park is a park located in the neighborhood of Eagledale on Bainbridge Island in the state of Washington , U.S . . Like several other parks on Bainbridge Island , Eagledale Park comprises land that was once a military installation .
The Ottawa – Peru , IL Micropolitan Statistical Area , as defined by the United States Census Bureau , is an area consisting of three counties in north central Illinois , anchored by the cities of Ottawa and Peru .
The table below shows the recent population of these statistical areas and the eight counties of Connecticut .
Ellmaker State Wayside is a state park in the U.S . state of Oregon , administered by the Oregon Parks and Recreation Department .
The following railroads operate in the U.S . state of Montana .
Hancock County is the southernmost county of the U.S . state of Mississippi .
Houston County is a county located in the U.S . state of Tennessee .
The savanna bordered the " Big Woods " , a " closed - forest savanna " that covered most of Minnesota before it was logged in the mid - 19th century .
US 3 is one of New Hampshire's most well - known roads , as it passes through most of the state's major cities and towns and is the only highway to extend from the Massachusetts state border in the south to the Canada – US border in the north .
This is a list of the properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places listings in Onondaga County , New York .
Croswell is a city in Sanilac County in the U.S . state of Michigan .
Nenahnezad ( ) is a census - designated place ( CDP ) in San Juan County , New Mexico , United States .
Mount Washington is located in Deschutes and Linn counties , in the U . S . state of Oregon .
The Oregon Superintendent of Indian Affairs was an official position of the U.S . state of Oregon , and previously of the Oregon Territory , that existed from 1848 – 1873 .
It has become naturalized in a few places , such as California in the United States and Baja California in Mexico . "
State Route 218 ( SR 218 ) is a primary state highway in the U.S . state of Virginia .
The population of the CDP , as of the 2010 United States Census was 10,573 , making it the 118th most populous place in the state of Maryland .
Prior to the European rediscovery of eastern North America , Native Americans lived in this part of New York for more than 10,000 years .
The state switched to two - year terms in 1877 ) " New Hampshire and neighboring Vermont are the only two States in the U.S . that use two - year terms .
The North Carolina State Auditor is a statewide elected office in the U.S . state of North Carolina .
Though Crook County is the most central county in Oregon , politically it falls in line with the eastern side of the state .
New York's North Country shares with Ontario the Thousand Islands , an archipelago within the Saint Lawrence River .
The position was created by Article 4 , Section 7 of the Louisiana Constitution .
Elections were held in Alaska on Tuesday , November 2 , 2010 .
Tanaina is a census - designated place ( CDP ) in the Matanuska - Susitna Borough in the U.S . state of Alaska .
During Oregon's history , it has adopted many electoral reforms proposed during the Progressive Era , through the efforts of William S . U'Ren and his Direct Legislation League .
In the 1900 United States presidential election , California voted for the Republican incumbent , William McKinley , in a landslide over the Democratic challenger , Nebraska representative and 1896 nominee William Jennings Bryan .
Lincoln County ( standard abbreviation : LC ) is a county located in the U.S . state of Kansas .
there are two former U.S . Senators from the U.S . State of Oregon who are currently living at this time , one from Class 2 and one from Class 3 .
Miami - Dade County ( ) is a county located in the southeastern part of the U.S . state of Florida .
The table below includes sites listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Bergen County , New Jersey except those in Closter , Franklin Lakes , Ridgewood , Saddle River and Wyckoff , which are listed separately ( links to these other lists are provided below ) .
It voted for the Republican presidential candidate in every election from Oregon statehood until 1928 , even supporting William Howard Taft in 1912 when the party was divided .
Hale County is a county of the U.S . state of Alabama .
The villages of Jericho , Vermont and Newbury , Vermont display a similar pattern . )
Polk County is a county located in the U.S . state of Oregon .
The Bureau identified 169 CDPs in the state of West Virginia at the 2010 census .
Depew is a village in Erie County , New York , United States .
Newberry National Volcanic Monument was designated on November 5 , 1990 , to protect the area around the Newberry Volcano in the U.S . state of Oregon .
The 1940 United States presidential election in Delaware took place on November 5 , 1940 , as part of the 1940 United States presidential election .
Twin Lakes is a census - designated place ( CDP ) in Santa Cruz County , California , United States .
It is the fifth - most populous city in the state of New York following New York City , Buffalo , Rochester , and Yonkers .
U.S . Route 7 ( US 7 ) is a north – south United States highway in western New England that runs for through the states of Connecticut , Massachusetts , and Vermont .
The Kanawha River , which cuts through the whole state of West Virginia , passes by Leon .
Olympic National Park is an American national park located in the State of Washington , on the Olympic Peninsula .
He edits news coverage from member station reporters and freelancers in the 13 Western states - California , Oregon , Washington , Arizona , Nevada , Idaho , Montana , Wyoming , Utah , New Mexico , Colorado , Alaska and Hawaii Prior to this position , he was the Supervising Editor of National Public Radio's Economic Training Project .
Hazen Bay is a 10 - mile - wide ( 16 km ) bay of the Bering Sea in the U.S . state of Alaska .
Nacogdoches County ( ) is a county located in the U.S . state of Texas .
The State Routes in the U.S . state of Georgia ( typically abbreviated SR ) are maintained by the Georgia Department of Transportation ( GDOT ) .
After Alaska's admission to the Union as the 49th state by act of Congress on January 3 , 1959 , this district evolved into Alaska's at - large congressional district .
Of the 14 Massachusetts incumbents , only half were re - elected .
Florida held an election for president of the United States on November 3 , 1992 .
Westchester County is a county in the U.S . state of New York .
Angelica is a town in Shawano County , Wisconsin , United States .
The Washington - 5 Representative District is a two - member state Representative district in the U.S . state of Vermont .
The 1984 United States presidential election in Oregon took place on November 6 , 1984 .
Native American Day is a holiday in the U.S . states of California and Nevada celebrated annually on the fourth Friday of September , as well as in South Dakota on the second Monday in October in lieu of Columbus Day .
Pike County is located in northeastern Pennsylvania .
PACE programs are currently operating in eight states , California , Colorado , Florida , Maine , Michigan , Missouri , New York , and Wisconsin , and are on hold in many others , pending resolution of the Freddie Mac , Fannie Mae objection .
Jefferson County is a county located in the U.S . state of Idaho .
The Chittenden - 3 - 10 Representative District is a one - member state Representative district in the U.S . state of Vermont .
Monroe is a city located in east central Butler and west central Warren counties in the southwestern part of the U.S . state of Ohio .
On December 10 , 1817 , Mississippi was the 20th state admitted to the Union .
The Brazos Mountains is a range in far northern Rio Arriba County , in northern New Mexico in the southwestern United States .
This is a list of current and former county courthouses in the U.S . state of New Mexico .
The 1980 United States presidential election in Oregon took place on November 4 , 1980 .
The Narragansett Bay National Estuarine Research Reserve is a Marine Protected Area of the United States located on Prudence , Patience , and Hope islands in Narragansett Bay in the state of Rhode Island .
The Tillamook River is a stream , about long , near the coast of northwest Oregon in the United States .
The 2014 United States House of Representatives elections in Minnesota took place in the U.S . state of Minnesota on November 4 , 2014 , to elect Minnesota's eight representatives in the United States House of Representatives for two - year terms , one from each of Minnesota's eight congressional districts .
Following Virginia's Ratifying Convention in June 1788 , where they became the tenth state to ratify the United States Constitution , New York held their Convention held in Poughkeepsie , New York in July 1788 presided by Gov . George Clinton .
The Chittenden - 5 - 1 Representative District is a one member state Representative district in the U.S . state of Vermont .
State Route 522 ( SR 522 ) is a state highway in the U.S . state of Washington , serving the Seattle metropolitan area .
Sauvie Island , in the U.S . state of Oregon , originally Wapato Island or Wappatoo Island , is the largest island along the Columbia River , at , and one of the largest river islands in the United States .
Saint Croix lies at : the easternmost point in the United States of America ( as measured from the center of the continental United States , ignoring the westernmost of the Aleutian Islands of Alaska just west of the 180th meridian ) is Saint Croix's Point Udall .
Withee is a town in Clark County in the U.S . state of Wisconsin .
The Vermont Constitution guarantees broad rights for its citizens .
It borders Idaho to the east , bounded mostly by the meridian running north from the confluence of the Snake River and Clearwater River ( about 116 ° 57 " west ) , except for the southernmost section where the border follows the Snake River .
The Blackwater River State Forest is in the U.S . state of Florida .
This is a list of state parks in the U.S . state of New Hampshire .
Ochoco State Scenic Viewpoint is a state park in the U.S . state of Oregon , administered by the Oregon Parks and Recreation Department .
Camden County is a county located in the southeastern corner of the U.S . state of Georgia .
New York State Route 294 ( NY 294 ) is an east – west state highway in northern New York in the United States .
It is native to northeastern Mexico in the states of Coahuila , Nuevo León , and Tamaulipas and the US state of Texas , especially on the Edwards Plateau .
Rosebud County is a county located in the U.S . state of Montana .
La Pine State Park is a state park along the Deschutes River in the U.S . state of Oregon , administered by the Oregon Parks and Recreation Department .
The following is a list of islands of Arizona .
Hancock County is a county located in the U.S . state of Kentucky .
Anson is a town in Chippewa County in the U.S . state of Wisconsin .
On September 9 , 1850 , California was admitted into the U.S . as the 31st state .
Tables showing membership in the New Mexico federal House delegation throughout history of statehood in the United States .
Wilcox County is a county located in the U.S . state of Georgia .
The vast area from northern Virginia ( outside Washington DC ) to northern Maine , and from western Pennsylvania ( Pittsburgh ) to the Atlantic Ocean , have all been loosely grouped into the Northeast at one time or another .
The U.S . Postal Department issued four 3 - cent stamps commemorating Insular Territories : Hawaii , Alaska , Puerto Rico and U.S . Virgin Islands over the three months of October to December 1937 .
Iowa voted for the Democratic candidate Lewis Cass in the state's first presidential election , over Whig candidate Zachary Taylor and Free Soil candidate Martin Van Buren .
Roosevelt County is a county located in the U.S . state of Montana .
In 1817 , what is now the modern state of Mississippi was created from the western half of the Mississippi Territory , the remaining territory renamed the Alabama Territory .
Lituya Glacier is a tidewater glacier in the U.S . state of Alaska .
Clifford is a village in Lapeer County of the U.S . state of Michigan .
Loveland ( ) is a city in Hamilton , Clermont , and Warren counties in the southwestern part of the U.S . state of Ohio .
San Juan Island National Historical Park , also known as American and English Camps , San Juan Island , is a U.S . National Historical Park owned and operated by the National Park Service on San Juan Island in the state of Washington .
Chautauqua County is the westernmost county in the U.S . state of New York .
The Westslope cutthroat is now the " official state fish " of Montana .
Leavenworth County ( county code LV ) is a county located in the U.S . state of Kansas .
Elinor Bedell State Park is a state park of Iowa , United States .
There are five of these in Mississippi .
It is the largest state forest in Massachusetts and is managed by the Massachusetts Department of Conservation and Recreation .
The U.S . state of Texas is divided into 254 counties , more than any other U.S . state .
South Carolina was the first state to ratify the Articles of Confederation , the 8th state to ratify the US Constitution on May 23 , 1788 .
The important towns and villages in Haveri District are : According to the 2011 census Haveri district has a population of 1,598,506 , roughly equal to the nation of Guinea - Bissau or the US state of Idaho .
The " Madia elegans " plant is native to western North America from south - central Washington ( state ) to northern Baja California .
The 1796 United States presidential election in Connecticut took place between November 4 and December 7 , 1796 , as part of the 1796 United States presidential election .
The following is a list of attractions in Long Island , New York State .
The 2012 United States House of Representatives elections in Idaho were held on Tuesday , November 6 , 2012 and elected two U.S . Representatives , one from each of the state's two congressional districts .
Cumberland is a city in Barron County in the U.S . state of Wisconsin .
The Willamette River drains a region of , which is 12 percent of the total area of Oregon .
The Little Cuyahoga River is a 17.4 mile - long tributary of the Cuyahoga River in the U.S . state of Ohio .
The 2012 United States presidential election in Oregon took place on November 6 , 2012 , as part of the 2012 General Election in which all 50 states plus The District of Columbia participated .
In 2008 , the U.S . Census Bureau determined Utah was the fastest - growing state in the country .
Annandale is an unincorporated community and census - designated place ( CDP ) located within Clinton Township , in Hunterdon County , New Jersey , United States .
The next year , in 1837 , Michigan became a state .
Alexander Springs Wilderness is located in the U.S . state of Florida and was designated in 1984 by the United States Congress .
New Hampshire is one of only two states where the Governor serves for a two - year term , the other being neighboring Vermont .
In Canada , it is present in Ontario and Quebec , while in the United States it can be found in all states from Maine south as far as Alabama and west to Ohio and Kentucky .
Maquoketa Caves State Park is a state park of Iowa , United States , located in Jackson County .
US 522 is a part of the main National Highway System for its entire length in Maryland .
Harris County is a county located in the U.S . state of Texas , located in the southeastern part of the state near Galveston Bay .
Livingston is a town in and the county seat of Park County , Montana , United States .
In 1791 , Vermont joined the United States as the fourteenth state .
Marquette Island is the largest of the 36 islands in the Les Cheneaux archipelago of northern Michigan , United States .
It is part of the Cenozoic uplands ( some of Louisiana's oldest rocks ) and has large areas of longleaf pine forests ( a forest type that has declined significantly over the last century ) .
Vernon is a town in Oneida County , New York , United States .
Thus , at that time Dubuque County nominally included not only much of what is now the state of Minnesota but portions of what are now North Dakota and South Dakota .
Bear Grass is a town in Martin County , North Carolina , United States .
There are three of these in Alaska .
Cass City is a village in Tuscola County in the Flint / Tri - Cities area of the U.S . state of Michigan .
There are three types of incorporated municipalities in the Hudson Valley in the U.S . state of New York : city , town , and village .
The Windham - 5 Representative District is a two - member state Representative district in the U.S . state of Vermont .
Admiralty Inlet is a strait in the U.S . state of Washington connecting the eastern end of the Strait of Juan de Fuca to Puget Sound .
The California Citizens Redistricting Commission is the redistricting commission for the state of California in the United States responsible for determining the boundaries of districts for the State Senate , State Assembly , and Board of Equalization .
Although it fruits most commonly in autumn , it has been recorded fruiting in the spring in Oregon The range of the fungus was originally described as covering roughly the Pacific Northwest region of North America , including the US states of Washington , Oregon , California , Idaho , Alaska , and the Canadian province British Columbia .
List of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Otsego County , New York This is intended to be a complete list of properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Otsego County , New York .
It is an introduced species in the north - eastern United States , where it has been recorded from Connecticut , Massachusetts , New Jersey , New York and Rhode Island .
The 1900 United States presidential election in Massachusetts took place on November 6 , 1900 .
The 1900 United States presidential election in Connecticut took place on November 6 , 1900 .
Taylor County is a county located in the U.S . state of Iowa .
Sheep Island or Picnic Island is one of the San Juan Islands in San Juan County , Washington , in the United States .
It is located within North Cascades National Park , Lake Chelan National Recreation Area , and Ross Lake National Recreation Area in the North Cascade Range of Washington , United States .
Edwardsburg is a village in Cass County in the U.S . state of Michigan , northeast of South Bend .
Since its admission to statehood in 1788 , Georgia has participated in every U.S . presidential election except the election of 1864 , when it had seceded in the American Civil War .
The 1936 United States presidential election in Connecticut was held on November 3 , 1936 .
Some modern observers have argued that if World War I had not lessened American enthusiasm for international activity these interventions might have led to the formation of an expanded U.S . colonial empire , with Central American states either annexed into statehood like Hawaii or becoming American territories , like the Philippines , Puerto Rico and Guam .
McCain's Visits : Obama's Visits : For the better part of a century , Missouri has been reckoned as the nation's bellwether state .
Goodman is a town in Marinette County , Wisconsin , United States .
This is a list of properties and districts in Louisiana that are listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
Pend Oreille County ( ) is a county located in the northeast corner of the U.S . state of Washington , along the Canada – US border .
This page lists census - designated places ( CDPs ) in the U.S . state of Rhode Island .
The 1988 United States presidential election in Wyoming took place on November 8 , 1988 .
It operated for 10 months before California was admitted to the Union as the 31st State by Congress , as part of the Compromise of 1850 , enacted on September 9 , 1850 .
Prospect is a town in New Haven County , Connecticut , United States .
The Orleans - Caledonia - 1 Representative District is a two - member state Representative district in the U.S . state of Vermont .
The 1960 United States presidential election in Idaho took place on November 8 , 1960 , as part of the 1960 United States presidential election .
The 1992 United States presidential election in Colorado took place on November 3 , 1992 , as part of the 1992 United States presidential election .
The following is an alphabetical list of articles related to the U.S . State of New Hampshire .
On July 4 , 1800 , in preparation for Ohio's statehood , the Indiana Territory was decreed by an act of the U.S . Congress , signed into law by President John Adams on May 7 , 1800 , effective on July 4 .
New population figures for the year ending July 1 , 2006 , indicate that Arizona is the fastest growing state in the United States , with 3.6 % population growth since 2005 , exceeding the growth of the previous leader , Nevada .
They are : Tahasils Blocks According to the 2011 census Kendrapara district has a population of 1,439,891 , roughly equal to the nation of Swaziland or the US state of Hawaii .
California was ceded to the United States under the terms of the 1848 Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo following the defeat of Mexico in the Mexican – American War .
The Gila Wilderness is the largest designated wilderness area in New Mexico .
State Road 525 ( NM 525 ) is a state highway in the US state of New Mexico .
The 2008 United States presidential election in Illinois took place on November 4 , 2008 , and was part of the 2008 United States presidential election .
State Route 781 ( SR 781 ) is an east – west state highway in southern Ohio , a U.S . state .
Oregon's At - large congressional district is a former United States Congressional District .
The Dakota Territory was divided into North and South Dakota on November 2 , 1889 , and Montana became a state just six days later .
Located in the Northern California coastal forests ecoregion near Humboldt Bay of the U.S . state of California , most of it was owned by the now defunct Pacific Lumber Company , which was owned by Charles Hurwitz and Maxxam Inc , as the result of a hostile takeover in 1985 .
The Oregon Judicial Department ( OJD ) is the judicial branch of government of the state of Oregon in the United States .
This is a list of law enforcement agencies in the state of New Mexico .
In April 1983 , Maine became the first state to ratify the amendment as a result of Watson's campaign , followed by Colorado in April 1984 .
Two - term Governor Andrew Cuomo is running for re - election , as New York does not have gubernatorial term limits .
The Mansfield – Bucyrus , OH Combined Statistical Area is a CSA in the U.S . state of Ohio , as defined by the United States Census Bureau .
State Route 40 ( SR 40 ) is a primary state highway in the southern part of the U.S . state of Virginia .
As Lewes was the earliest settlement in the state , and Delaware was the first state to ratify the Constitution , the town refers to itself as " The First Town in the First State . "
Technically the voters of Arizona cast their ballots for electors : representatives to the Electoral College .
Shenipsit State Forest is a state forest located in northeastern Connecticut with 11 parcels scattered between the towns of Somers , Ellington , and Stafford .
A general election was held in the U.S . state of Idaho on November 6 , 2018 .
The 2012 United States presidential election in Georgia took place on November 6 , 2012 , as part of the 2012 General Election in which all 50 states plus The District of Columbia participated .
The Canning River flows through parts of the North Slope in the U.S . state of Alaska .
Long County is a county located in the U.S . state of Georgia .
The Orange - 2 Representative District is a one - member state Representative district in the U.S . state of Vermont .
Madison County is a county located in the U.S . state of Idaho .
Oregon conducted censuses in 1842 , 1843 , 1845 , 1849 , 1850 , 1853 , 1854 , 1855 , 1856 , 1857 , 1858 , 1859 , 1865 , 1870 , 1875 , 1885 , 1895 , and 1905 .
This is a list of symbols of the U.S . state of Nevada .
Unlike many other national parks in Alaska , subsistence hunting is not allowed in the park , only in the preserve .
For the last 24 years of his life he worked in the region then known as the Pimería Alta , modern - day Sonora in Mexico and southern Arizona in the United States .
Tazewell County ( ) is a county in the U.S . state of Illinois .
Leslie is a city in Ingham County in the U.S . state of Michigan .
After the US extinguished Indian land claims , this area was admitted as the state of Oklahoma in the early 20th century .
As of May 2016 , the Montana Local Area Unemployment Statistics ( LAUS ) Program Preliminary Non - Seasonally Adjusted Data reports the rate is 11.0 % on the reservation ( for comparison , at the same time , unemployment was 3.6 % for Montana and 4.5 % for the U.S . ) .
Alabama was won by Republican Governor George W . Bush with a 14.9 % margin of victory .
Schenectady County ( ) is a county located in the U.S . state of New York .
Behm Canal is a natural channel in the Alexander Archipelago , in the southeastern part of the U.S . state of Alaska .
Bessemer is a city in the U.S . state of Michigan .
Pickens County is a county located in the north central portion of the U.S . state of Georgia .
Bangor is a city in Van Buren County in the U.S . state of Michigan .
The U.S . Routes in Georgia comprise the following current and former United States Numbered Highways in the U.S . state of Georgia .
Livingston is a village in Grant and Iowa Counties in the U.S . state of Wisconsin .
Florida's 11th congressional district is an congressional district in the U.S . state of Florida .
States that present these protections are : California , Colorado , Connecticut , Delaware , District of Columbia , Hawaii , Illinois , Iowa , Maine , Massachusetts , Minnesota , New Jersey , New Mexico , Nevada , Oregon , Rhode Island , Vermont , Washington , and Wisconsin .
With 68.38 % of the popular vote , Idaho would prove to be Bush's third strongest state in the 2004 election after neighboring Utah and Wyoming .
Franklin County is a county located in the U.S . state of Georgia .
The Constitution of Oklahoma places no limit to the number of terms a candidate may serve in succession or in total .
Pennsylvania ratified the U.S . Constitution on December 12 , 1787 , and was the second state to do so after Delaware .
Stoddard County is a county located in the southeastern portion of the U.S . state of Missouri .
Winneshiek County is a county located in the U.S . state of Iowa .
The influential Friends of Our Native Landscape included the area around the Rock River between Dixon and Oregon on a list of 20 places in Illinois that should be designated state parks .
Below is a list of lieutenant governors of the U.S . state of California , 1849 to present .
Ohio became the first state to be carved out of the Northwest Territory in 1803 .
In the California State Legislature , Bermuda Dunes is in , and in .
The Sam Houston National Forest , one of four National Forests in Texas , is located 50 miles north of Houston .
Michigan is largely divided in the same way as many other U.S . states , but is distinct in its usage of charter townships .
Monroe County is a county located in the U.S . state of Indiana , and determined by the U.S . Census Bureau to include the mean center of U.S . population .
This makes North Dakota the U.S . state with the largest percentage in population growth since 2011 .
Dexter is a town in Chaves County , New Mexico , United States .
The Chetco River is a stream located in the southwestern portion of the U.S . state of Oregon .
Livingston County is a county located in the northwestern portion of the U.S . state of Missouri .
Richard Caswell ( August 3 , 1729November 10 , 1789 ) was the first and fifth governor of the U.S . State of North Carolina , serving from 1776 to 1780 and from 1785 to 1787 .
Salinas Peak is the highest point in the San Andres Mountains of south - central New Mexico , in the United States .
Plymouth is a town in Windsor County , Vermont , United States .
On November 6 , 1850 , two months after California was admitted to statehood , President Fillmore reserved Mare Island for government use .
Most of New York State is under laid by sedimentary rocks : sandstone , shale , limestone and conglomerate .
Eight states currently permit herdshares through statute : Colorado , Connecticut , Idaho , North Dakota , Utah , Tennessee , West Virginia , and Washington State .
New Mexico was annexed to the United States following the Mexican war of 1846 .
State Route 9 ( SR 9 ) is a primary state highway in the U.S . state of Virginia .
Massachusetts law required a majority vote , necessitating additional votes if no one won a majority .
During this time , the region which became Idaho was part of an unorganized territory known as Oregon Country , claimed by both the United States and Great Britain .
The Territorial Supreme Court held its last session on October 5 , 1889 ; Montana became a state on November 8 .
The Cibola’s Magdalena District manages land in south central New Mexico in western Socorro , northeastern Catron , and northern Sierra counties .
The Wayne National Forest is located in the south - eastern part of the US state of Ohio , in the Unglaciated Allegheny Plateau .
Janet Ann Napolitano ( ; born November 29 , 1957 ) is an American politician , lawyer , and university administrator who served as the 21st governor of Arizona from 2003 to 2009 and United States secretary of homeland security from 2009 to 2013 , under President Barack Obama .
Aughwick may refer to the following places in the U.S . state of Pennsylvania : Streams : Communities :
Mecosta is a village in Mecosta County in the U.S . state of Michigan .
Leland is an unincorporated community in the U.S . state of Michigan .
Lake Shetek State Park is a state park of Minnesota , United States , on Lake Shetek , which is the largest lake in southwestern Minnesota and the headwaters of the Des Moines River .
Nevada County is a county located in the southwestern part of the U.S . state of Arkansas .
This major state highway in the North Country of New York , extends for 127.40 miles ( 205.03 km ) on an east - west axis .
Morris County ( standard abbreviation : MR ) is a county located in the U.S . state of Kansas .
Kobuk Valley is one of eight national parks in Alaska , the state with the second most national parks , surpassed only by California which has nine .
State Route 37 ( SR 37 ) is a state highway that travels west - to - east through portions of Clay , Calhoun , Baker , Mitchell , Colquitt , Cook , Berrien , Lanier , and Clinch counties in the southwestern and south - central parts of the U.S . state of Georgia .
Hillsborough County is the most populous county in the U.S . state of New Hampshire .
U.S . Route 78 ( US 78 ) is a U.S . Highway in the U.S . state of Georgia .
In September 2005 , Congressman Richard Pombo helped rewrite the 1973 Endangered Species Act , which " was widely denounced by environmentalists as a disturbing retreat from habitat protection and a paperwork nightmare for agencies seeking to revive the 1,268 threatened and endangered plants and animals in the country , 186 of which are in California . "
The Miss Maine competition is the pageant that selects the representative for the state of Maine in the Miss America pageant . Maine has been represented in the pageant since 1937 , although the state has never produced a winner .
The remainder of the Oregon Constitution outlines the divisions of power within the state government , lists the times of elections , and defines the state boundaries and the capital as Salem .
Redistricting in Pennsylvania refers to the decennial process of redrawing state and federal congressional districts in Pennsylvania .
California elects United States Senators to Class 1 and Class 3 .
On 20 August 2012 , the USFWS proposed setting aside 838,232 acres in Arizona and New Mexico - an area larger than Rhode Island - as critical jaguar habitat .
The Yukon – Kuskokwim Delta is a river delta located where the Yukon and Kuskokwim rivers empty into the Bering Sea on the west coast of the U.S . state of Alaska .
U.S . Bicycle Route 8 ( USBR 8 ) is the northernmost U.S . Numbered Bicycle Route , which runs between Fairbanks and the Canada – US border in the state of Alaska .
Marysburg is an unincorporated community in Blue Earth and Le Sueur counties in the U.S . state of Minnesota .
List of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Orange County , New York This is intended to be a complete list of properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Orange County , New York .
The following is a list of Idaho state forests .
United Health Services ( UHS ) ( United Health Services Hospitals , Inc . ) is a regional not - for - profit health care system serving the Greater Binghamton region in the New York State .
It is native to North America , where it is widespread across eastern and central Canada ( from Newfoundland to Ontario ) and the eastern and central United States ( Maine west as far as Wisconsin and Iowa , south to Florida and Texas ) .
Since its admission to statehood in 1788 , Virginia has participated in every U.S . presidential election except the election of 1864 during the American Civil War , when the state had seceded to join the Confederacy , and the election of 1868 , when the state was undergoing Reconstruction .
Northern water plantain is native to Canada ( including the Northwest Territories ) , the United States ( including Alaska ) , and Northern Mexico .
Monroe County is a county in the U.S . state of Wisconsin .
The following is an alphabetical list of members of the United States House of Representatives from the state of Hawaii .
The 1992 United States presidential election in Wyoming took place on November 3 , 1992 , as part of the 1992 United States presidential election .
The St . Clair River ( ) is a river in central North America which drains Lake Huron into Lake St . Clair , forming part of the international boundary between the Canadian province of Ontario and the U.S . state of Michigan .
Approximately 22.4 % of the forest ( in the Kaniksu portion ) extends into the states of Montana ( 14.1 % ) and Washington ( 8.3 % ) .
Parr's Ridge is a ridge which forms the summit of the Piedmont Plateau region in the U.S . state of Maryland .
Although Vermont is known as the Green Mountain State , the Northeast Kingdom lies outside that geological formation and is based on a set of long - ago volcanic islands , compressed during collision with the Taconic orogeny .
This article comprises three sortable tables of major mountain peaks of the U.S . State of Alaska .
< onlyinclude > A California hurricane is a tropical cyclone that affects the state of California .
Beluga is a census - designated place ( CDP ) in Kenai Peninsula Borough , Alaska , United States .
The Nabesna River is a tributary of the Tanana River in the U.S . state of Alaska .
San Luis Pass is a strait of water at the south - western end of Galveston Island off the shores of the U.S . state of Texas .
, the United States Commonwealth of Kentucky had an estimated population of 4,206,074 , which is an increase of 33,466 , or 0.8 % , from the prior year and an increase of 164,586 , or 4.1 % , since the year 2000 .
Harnett County is a county located in the U.S . state of North Carolina .
Like most other U.S . territorial governments , Oregon's territorial governor was appointed by the President of the United States .
The Arizona National Scenic Trail is a National Scenic Trail from Mexico to Utah that traverses the whole north – south length of the U.S . state of Arizona .
DeSoto County is a county located in the U.S . state of Mississippi .
Brodhead is a city in Green and Rock counties in the U.S . state of Wisconsin .
Tennessee's method of selection stands in contrast to that of nearly all other U.S . states , where the secretary of state is generally either popularly elected on a statewide basis or appointed by the Governor of the state .
Albany is home to some of the oldest museums , historical sites , and places of worship in the state of New York and the United States ; some of the finest collections of historical artifacts and art can be found in Albany County .
The state government of Illinois is currently divided between Republican Governor Bruce Rauner and Democratic super majorities and in the state house and state senate .
On March 3 , 1845 , Florida became the 27th state of the United States of America .
The Minneapolis - St . Paul metropolitan area comprises eleven Minnesota counties centered around Minneapolis , the state's largest city , and adjoining Saint Paul , the capital ; plus two Wisconsin counties .
Butts County is a county located in the central part of the U.S . state of Georgia .
The 1920 United States presidential election in California took place on November 2 , 1920 , as part of the 1920 General Election in which all 48 states participated .
New York State Route 69 ( NY 69 ) is a state highway extending for across the central portion of the U.S . state of New York .
According to the 2010 United States Census , California's population is 37,253,956 and has of land .
Manistique Township is a civil township of Schoolcraft County in the U.S . state of Michigan .
Elkton is a village in Huron County in the U.S . state of Michigan .
He was elected governor of Kansas in 2010 and took office in January 2011 .
Winona is a city in and the county seat of Winona County , in the state of Minnesota .
It has jurisdiction in over 50 Trans - Pecos , Permian Basin , and Hill Country counties of the U.S . state of Texas .
A reason behind the Utah success in eliminating homelessness can be attributed to an array of factors .
The Narragansetts were one of the leading tribes of New England , controlling the west of Narragansett Bay in Rhode Island and portions of Connecticut and eastern Massachusetts , from the Providence River on the northeast to the Pawcatuck River on the southwest .
In Connecticut , U.S . Route 202 ( US 202 ) is usually signed as an east – west route .
Zone I in the US includes all of Connecticut , the District of Columbia , Delaware , Illinois , Indiana , Massachusetts , Maryland , New Jersey , Ohio , Pennsylvania , Rhode Island , and West Virginia .
St . Louis County is a county located in the northeastern part of the U.S . state of Minnesota .
Longwood is a city in Seminole County , Florida , United States .
Harney County is a rural county in eastern Oregon .
Massachusetts is a state located in the Northeastern United States .
The 2012 U.S . House of Representatives elections in Connecticut were held on Tuesday , November 6 , 2012 , to elect the five congressional representatives from the state , one from each of the state's five congressional districts .
Marion County is a county in the U.S . state of Kentucky .
It is found in the United States of America , in the states of Arizona and New Mexico .
